MATCH_0: 7'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
MATCH_0: 12'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_0: 14'	Missed chance. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_0: 15'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Federico Valverde.
MATCH_0: 21'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked. Assist - Mats Hummels with a through ball.
MATCH_0: 23'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
MATCH_0: 23'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - hits the right post with a shot with left foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a through ball.
MATCH_0: 28'	New attacking attempt. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Julian Brandt with a through ball.
MATCH_0: 28'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left following a fast break.
MATCH_0: 41'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_0: 49'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
MATCH_0: 49'	Missed chance. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - header inside of six yard box - left side is very close to the goal. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
MATCH_0: 51'	Shot blocked. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_0: 53'	Missed chance. Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
MATCH_0: 57'	Shot blocked. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_0: 63'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Karim Adeyemi with a cross.
MATCH_0: 66'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
MATCH_0: 73'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left after corner.
MATCH_0: 77'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga.
MATCH_0: 80'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_0: 81'	New attacking attempt. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_0: 82'	New attacking attempt. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross.
MATCH_0: 87'	Shot blocked. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_0: 90+3'	Missed chance. Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box missed.
MATCH_1: 1'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Harry Kane with a through ball.
MATCH_1: 6'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Leroy Sané.
MATCH_1: 7'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Harry Kane following a fast break.
MATCH_1: 9'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from more than 35 yards goes high. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui following a fast break.
MATCH_1: 12'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller.
MATCH_1: 16'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Harry Kane.
MATCH_1: 30'	Shot blocked. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_1: 42'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left from a free kick.
MATCH_1: 45'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_1: 45'	Missed chance. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
MATCH_1: 51'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_1: 62'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
MATCH_1: 64'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni.
MATCH_1: 66'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
MATCH_1: 67'	New attacking attempt. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
MATCH_1: 71'	Shot blocked. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
MATCH_1: 73'	Shot blocked. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
MATCH_1: 79'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luka Modric.
MATCH_1: 80'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_1: 85'	Missed chance. Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_2: 11'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_2: 14'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_2: 18'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_2: 29'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_2: 44'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_2: 45'	Missed chance. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_2: 45+5'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_2: 48'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_2: 51'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
MATCH_2: 51'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_2: 51'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_2: 51'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_2: 54'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_2: 56'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Marquinhos with a cross.
MATCH_2: 58'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_2: 59'	Missed chance. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug with a head.
MATCH_2: 60'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_2: 66'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross .
MATCH_2: 72'	New attacking attempt. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Kylian Mbappé with a through ball.
MATCH_2: 75'	Shot blocked. Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Ryerson.
MATCH_2: 80'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_2: 82'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_2: 84'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_2: 84'	Missed chance. Marco Reus - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high.
MATCH_2: 87'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_2: 90'	Missed chance. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Fabián Ruiz with a cross.
MATCH_3: 3'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross.
MATCH_3: 4'	New attacking attempt. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi with a cross.
MATCH_3: 7'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_3: 12'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_3: 13'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_3: 19'	Missed chance. Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_3: 27'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_3: 31'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery.
MATCH_3: 33'	Shot blocked. Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé with a cross.
MATCH_3: 35'	New attacking attempt. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_3: 42'	New attacking attempt. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
MATCH_3: 45'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_3: 47'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from few metres missed after corner.
MATCH_3: 47'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box. Assist - Gonçalo Ramos after corner.
MATCH_3: 60'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_3: 61'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with left foot from outside the box.
MATCH_3: 63'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Nuno Mendes with a cross.
MATCH_3: 66'	Shot blocked. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_3: 74'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
MATCH_3: 76'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
MATCH_3: 77'	Missed chance. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
MATCH_3: 79'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_3: 79'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
MATCH_3: 79'	Shot blocked. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
MATCH_3: 80'	Missed chance. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left after corner.
MATCH_3: 80'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
MATCH_3: 80'	Shot blocked. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_3: 80'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_3: 82'	Missed chance. Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Lee Kang-In with a cross .
MATCH_3: 86'	Missed chance. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - header inside of six yard box - left side missed. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé with a cross.
MATCH_3: 86'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_3: 87'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_3: 88'	Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - hits the bar with a shot with right foot from outside the box. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_3: 89'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_3: 89'	Shot blocked. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_3: 89'	Missed chance. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left.
MATCH_4: 13'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
MATCH_4: 13'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_4: 15'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_4: 17'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_4: 28'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_4: 32'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
MATCH_4: 36'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
MATCH_4: 39'	Shot blocked. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_4: 40'	Shot blocked. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked.
MATCH_4: 44'	New attacking attempt. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.
MATCH_4: 47'	Missed chance. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Toni Kroos.
MATCH_4: 47'	Shot blocked. Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Harry Kane.
MATCH_4: 53'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed after corner.
MATCH_4: 53'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_4: 55'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from few metres is close, but missed. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_4: 59'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_4: 60'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_4: 65'	Missed chance. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Toni Kroos .
MATCH_4: 66'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Alphonso Davies.
MATCH_4: 76'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_4: 83'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Antonio Rüdiger.
MATCH_4: 88'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_4: 90'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_4: 90+9'	Missed chance. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_5: 7'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the left corner. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
MATCH_5: 7'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
MATCH_5: 12'	Missed chance. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
MATCH_5: 19'	New attacking attempt. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_5: 26'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga.
MATCH_5: 31'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
MATCH_5: 33'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
MATCH_5: 33'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior following a fast break.
MATCH_5: 42'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrygo.
MATCH_5: 49'	Missed chance. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
MATCH_5: 51'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_5: 53'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed.
MATCH_5: 55'	Missed chance. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jack Grealish with a cross .
MATCH_5: 56'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Rodrygo.
MATCH_5: 59'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
MATCH_5: 60'	New attacking attempt. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
MATCH_5: 62'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_5: 65'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_5: 68'	Shot blocked. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
MATCH_5: 90'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Luka Modric.
MATCH_5: 90'	Missed chance. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni after corner.
MATCH_6: 7'	Missed chance. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_6: 16'	New attacking attempt. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Kai Havertz.
MATCH_6: 20'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_6: 20'	Shot blocked. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_6: 22'	New attacking attempt. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli with a cross.
MATCH_6: 27'	Missed chance. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with left foot from few metres missed to the left after corner.
MATCH_6: 35'	Shot blocked. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Bukayo Saka.
MATCH_6: 37'	Missed chance. Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross .
MATCH_6: 57'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Martin Ødegaard .
MATCH_6: 57'	Missed chance. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_6: 61'	Missed chance. Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
MATCH_6: 62'	Shot blocked. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_6: 65'	Missed chance. Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Leroy Sané following a fast break.
MATCH_6: 68'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Gabriel Jesus.
MATCH_6: 68'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_6: 81'	Missed chance. Kingsley Coman - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_6: 90'	Kingsley Coman - FC Bayern München - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from few metres. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_7: 5'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
MATCH_7: 7'	New attacking attempt. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_7: 9'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marquinhos.
MATCH_7: 11'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_7: 12'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
MATCH_7: 12'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
MATCH_7: 19'	Shot blocked. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_7: 20'	Shot blocked. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
MATCH_7: 20'	Shot blocked. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from few metres is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
MATCH_7: 20'	Shot blocked. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
MATCH_7: 21'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ronald Araujo after corner.
MATCH_7: 23'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Sergi Roberto.
MATCH_7: 26'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Raphinha.
MATCH_7: 28'	New attacking attempt. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_7: 34'	Shot blocked. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
MATCH_7: 41'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed to the left.
MATCH_7: 45+1'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Raphinha.
MATCH_7: 47'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_7: 52'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Lamine Yamal with a cross.
MATCH_7: 55'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
MATCH_7: 57'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
MATCH_7: 70'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_7: 71'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_7: 74'	New attacking attempt. João Félix - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Raphinha.
MATCH_7: 75'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Vitinha with a through ball.
MATCH_7: 83'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_7: 87'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Bradley Barcola with a cross.
MATCH_7: 90+2'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_8: 2'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_8: 7'	New attacking attempt. Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
MATCH_8: 10'	Shot blocked. Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Samuel Lino.
MATCH_8: 13'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
MATCH_8: 17'	Shot blocked. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Koke.
MATCH_8: 20'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - header inside of six yard box - left side is high and wide to the left. Assist - José Giménez with a head after corner.
MATCH_8: 31'	Missed chance. Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross after corner.
MATCH_8: 35'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_8: 43'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_8: 43'	New attacking attempt. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
MATCH_8: 45+1'	Missed chance. Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_8: 48'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_8: 51'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_8: 53'	New attacking attempt. Nahuel Molina - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_8: 55'	New attacking attempt. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
MATCH_8: 56'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
MATCH_8: 70'	Shot blocked. Pablo Barrios - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_8: 73'	Missed chance. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is very close to the goal from a free kick.
MATCH_8: 75'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from few metres is saved in the right corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
MATCH_8: 85'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_8: 87'	Shot blocked. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_8: 90+4'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ángel Correa.
MATCH_8: 90+6'	Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - hits the bar with a shot with the head from the centre of the box. Assist - Julian Ryerson with a cross.
MATCH_9: 3'	Shot blocked. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
MATCH_9: 4'	Shot blocked. Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_9: 5'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a head following a fast break.
MATCH_9: 6'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nahuel Molina.
MATCH_9: 16'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
MATCH_9: 16'	New attacking attempt. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_9: 18'	New attacking attempt. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_9: 27'	Missed chance. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_9: 30'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_9: 38'	New attacking attempt. Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen.
MATCH_9: 45+2'	Shot blocked. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
MATCH_9: 48'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed.
MATCH_9: 48'	Shot blocked. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_9: 49'	Missed chance. Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross after corner.
MATCH_9: 55'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
MATCH_9: 57'	Missed chance. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Koke with a through ball.
MATCH_9: 62'	Missed chance. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
MATCH_9: 64'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Ángel Correa.
MATCH_9: 64'	Shot blocked. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_9: 67'	Missed chance. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross.
MATCH_9: 69'	Shot blocked. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Emre Can.
MATCH_9: 74'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt.
MATCH_9: 81'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Nico Schlotterbeck.
MATCH_9: 87'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Emre Can with a head.
MATCH_10: 4'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_10: 6'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_10: 17'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Achraf Hakimi with a cross after corner.
MATCH_10: 20'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal.
MATCH_10: 27'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_10: 28'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_10: 28'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - header inside of six yard box - left side is blocked.
MATCH_10: 32'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner from a free kick.
MATCH_10: 43'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_10: 45'	Missed chance. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_10: 45+3'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Nuno Mendes with a cross.
MATCH_10: 49'	New attacking attempt. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Marquinhos.
MATCH_10: 49'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_10: 52'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_10: 56'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
MATCH_10: 58'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - João Cancelo with a cross.
MATCH_10: 73'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Raphinha.
MATCH_10: 78'	Missed chance. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Ferran Torres.
MATCH_10: 79'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
MATCH_10: 88'	Shot blocked. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ferran Torres.
MATCH_10: 89'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_10: 89'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_10: 90+3'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_11: 11'	New attacking attempt. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
MATCH_11: 12'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_11: 14'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked. Assist - Jack Grealish.
MATCH_11: 17'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
MATCH_11: 19'	Erling Haaland - Manchester City - hits the bar with a shot with the head from few metres. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a head.
MATCH_11: 19'	Missed chance. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed.
MATCH_11: 24'	Shot blocked. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_11: 24'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
MATCH_11: 26'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_11: 27'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_11: 28'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri with a cross.
MATCH_11: 32'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_11: 33'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Phil Foden.
MATCH_11: 36'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
MATCH_11: 45+1'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left after corner.
MATCH_11: 47'	New attacking attempt. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_11: 50'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Toni Kroos.
MATCH_11: 53'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_11: 58'	Missed chance. Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left.
MATCH_11: 58'	Shot blocked. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
MATCH_11: 61'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
MATCH_11: 70'	New attacking attempt. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_11: 74'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_11: 78'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Manuel Akanji.
MATCH_11: 82'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Manuel Akanji with a cross.
MATCH_11: 87'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
MATCH_11: 88'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed after corner.
MATCH_11: 90+2'	New attacking attempt. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
MATCH_11: 90+5'	Missed chance. Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne with a cross after corner.
MATCH_11: 90+5'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side is high and wide to the left. Assist - Manuel Akanji after corner.
MATCH_11: 95'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne.
MATCH_11: 96'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_11: 99'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
MATCH_11: 101'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
MATCH_11: 105+2'	Missed chance. Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid - shot with left foot inside of six yard box - left side is very close to the goal. Assist - Brahim Díaz with a cross.
MATCH_11: 108'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
MATCH_11: 111'	Missed chance. Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
MATCH_11: 113'	Shot blocked. Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
MATCH_11: 120'	New attacking attempt. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Phil Foden.
MATCH_12: 4'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed.
MATCH_12: 6'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
MATCH_12: 8'	Missed chance. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Kai Havertz.
MATCH_12: 21'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli.
MATCH_12: 24'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
MATCH_12: 29'	New attacking attempt. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Takehiro Tomiyasu.
MATCH_12: 31'	New attacking attempt. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_12: 34'	Shot blocked. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_12: 39'	New attacking attempt. Kai Havertz - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross.
MATCH_12: 41'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
MATCH_12: 46'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli with a head.
MATCH_12: 47'	Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - hits the left post with a shot with the head from the centre of the box. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_12: 47'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked.
MATCH_12: 61'	Shot blocked. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_12: 66'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
MATCH_12: 69'	Missed chance. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross .
MATCH_12: 71'	Shot blocked. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_12: 72'	Missed chance. Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left.
MATCH_12: 72'	Missed chance. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross after corner.
MATCH_12: 76'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
MATCH_12: 88'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed.
MATCH_12: 90'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Harry Kane.
MATCH_13: 3'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xavi Simons with a through ball.
MATCH_13: 7'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Brahim Díaz.
MATCH_13: 9'	Missed chance. Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
MATCH_13: 9'	New attacking attempt. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Brahim Díaz.
MATCH_13: 10'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Dani Olmo.
MATCH_13: 15'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_13: 20'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_13: 20'	Shot blocked. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Dani Olmo.
MATCH_13: 22'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_13: 23'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Vinícius Júnior following a fast break.
MATCH_13: 27'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ferland Mendy.
MATCH_13: 45'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed. Assist - Brahim Díaz with a through ball.
MATCH_13: 46'	Missed chance. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
MATCH_13: 51'	New attacking attempt. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
MATCH_13: 51'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_13: 55'	Shot blocked. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
MATCH_13: 62'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is high and wide to the right. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_13: 64'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_13: 68'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
MATCH_13: 71'	New attacking attempt. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
MATCH_13: 72'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Brahim Díaz following a fast break.
MATCH_13: 74'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
MATCH_13: 81'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
MATCH_13: 81'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Amadou Haidara with a through ball.
MATCH_13: 84'	New attacking attempt. Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
MATCH_13: 90'	Missed chance. Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left .
MATCH_13: 90+3'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga.
MATCH_13: 90+4'	Missed chance. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga with a cross.
MATCH_14: 3'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Nathan Aké with a cross.
MATCH_14: 6'	New attacking attempt. Rúben Dias - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
MATCH_14: 6'	Missed chance. Nathan Aké - Manchester City - shot with left foot from few metres is high and wide to the left .
MATCH_14: 9'	Shot blocked. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_14: 23'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_14: 29'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
MATCH_14: 30'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_14: 30'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_14: 30'	Missed chance. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_14: 34'	Shot blocked. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_14: 39'	Missed chance. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Elias Jelert.
MATCH_14: 44'	Shot blocked. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_14: 50'	Missed chance. Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Magnus Mattsson with a cross after corner.
MATCH_14: 54'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Rodri.
MATCH_14: 56'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from long distance on the right is saved in the top right corner.
MATCH_14: 60'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Phil Foden.
MATCH_14: 63'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne.
MATCH_14: 66'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
MATCH_14: 68'	Missed chance. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Kyle Walker.
MATCH_14: 69'	New attacking attempt. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Nathan Aké.
MATCH_14: 75'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from long distance on the left is very close to the goal from a free kick.
MATCH_14: 77'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from few metres is blocked. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
MATCH_14: 78'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high after corner.
MATCH_14: 87'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_14: 90+2'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Matheus Nunes.
MATCH_14: 90+2'	Shot blocked. Matheus Nunes - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_14: 90+2'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Matheus Nunes.
MATCH_15: 1'	Missed chance. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
MATCH_15: 5'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high.
MATCH_15: 6'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
MATCH_15: 18'	Missed chance. Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - André Silva.
MATCH_15: 22'	Missed chance. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross.
MATCH_15: 35'	Shot blocked. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_15: 35'	Missed chance. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
MATCH_15: 42'	Shot blocked. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_15: 45'	Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - hits the bar with a shot with left foot from outside the box. Assist - Brais Méndez.
MATCH_15: 50'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_15: 56'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
MATCH_15: 63'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
MATCH_15: 69'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Fabián Ruiz.
MATCH_15: 74'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Fabián Ruiz with a through ball.
MATCH_15: 76'	Shot blocked. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross.
MATCH_15: 76'	Shot blocked. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - André Silva.
MATCH_15: 82'	Missed chance. Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Beñat Turrientes.
MATCH_15: 85'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
MATCH_15: 85'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_15: 87'	Missed chance. Randal Kolo Muani - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery following a fast break.
MATCH_15: 89'	Missed chance. Jon Pacheco - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross after corner.
MATCH_16: 2'	Missed chance. Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leroy Sané.
MATCH_16: 6'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_16: 7'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller.
MATCH_16: 10'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro.
MATCH_16: 10'	Missed chance. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed after corner.
MATCH_16: 18'	New attacking attempt. Mario Gila - Lazio - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luis Alberto with a cross.
MATCH_16: 22'	Missed chance. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Danilo Cataldi.
MATCH_16: 29'	Missed chance. Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_16: 32'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller .
MATCH_16: 38'	Missed chance. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Luis Alberto.
MATCH_16: 40'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
MATCH_16: 45'	Shot blocked. Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Gustav Isaksen.
MATCH_16: 48'	New attacking attempt. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Luis Alberto with a through ball.
MATCH_16: 50'	Shot blocked. Mario Gila - Lazio - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Luis Alberto with a cross.
MATCH_16: 52'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from few metres is blocked. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui with a cross.
MATCH_16: 53'	Shot blocked. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_16: 58'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller with a cross.
MATCH_16: 62'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller with a cross.
MATCH_16: 67'	Shot blocked. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Ciro Immobile.
MATCH_16: 72'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Thomas Müller with a through ball.
MATCH_16: 73'	Missed chance. Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
MATCH_16: 82'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Eric Choupo-Moting.
MATCH_16: 86'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_16: 86'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_16: 87'	Missed chance. Eric Choupo-Moting - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Mathys Tel with a cross.
MATCH_16: 90'	Shot blocked. Felipe Anderson - Lazio - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Valentín Castellanos.
MATCH_16: 90+2'	New attacking attempt. Pedro - Lazio - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Daichi Kamada.
MATCH_17: 11'	Missed chance. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Jordan Teze.
MATCH_17: 15'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Mats Hummels.
MATCH_17: 16'	Missed chance. Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
MATCH_17: 17'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Emre Can.
MATCH_17: 18'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high.
MATCH_17: 20'	Missed chance. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from few metres missed. Assist - Marco Reus with a cross after corner.
MATCH_17: 29'	Missed chance. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from more than 35 yards goes high.
MATCH_17: 33'	Shot blocked. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Malik Tillman.
MATCH_17: 37'	Missed chance. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Ismael Saibari with a cross.
MATCH_17: 39'	New attacking attempt. Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Johan Bakayoko.
MATCH_17: 43'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Joey Veerman with a cross .
MATCH_17: 49'	Shot blocked. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Malik Tillman.
MATCH_17: 59'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_17: 61'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from few metres is very close to the goal after corner.
MATCH_17: 62'	Missed chance. Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Jordan Teze.
MATCH_17: 65'	Missed chance. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
MATCH_17: 72'	New attacking attempt. Marius Wolf - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross.
MATCH_17: 75'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luuk de Jong with a head.
MATCH_17: 81'	New attacking attempt. Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Ricardo Pepi.
MATCH_17: 90+3'	Missed chance. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
MATCH_18: 3'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the right side of the box missed. Assist - Alessandro Bastoni with a cross .
MATCH_18: 9'	Missed chance. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
MATCH_18: 12'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Koke.
MATCH_18: 13'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_18: 19'	Missed chance. Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
MATCH_18: 26'	Missed chance. Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left.
MATCH_18: 32'	Missed chance. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Marcus Thuram with a head.
MATCH_18: 37'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella with a cross.
MATCH_18: 38'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcus Thuram.
MATCH_18: 43'	New attacking attempt. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
MATCH_18: 47'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
MATCH_18: 49'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Federico Dimarco with a cross.
MATCH_18: 52'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
MATCH_18: 56'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_18: 60'	Missed chance. Koke - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_18: 63'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal.
MATCH_18: 73'	Shot blocked. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu.
MATCH_18: 76'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_18: 77'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross.
MATCH_18: 79'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Davide Frattesi.
MATCH_18: 81'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_18: 84'	Shot blocked. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Davide Frattesi.
MATCH_18: 88'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Ángel Correa with a cross.
MATCH_18: 90'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_18: 90+2'	Shot blocked. Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross.
MATCH_19: 21'	Shot blocked. Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Francisco Conceição with a cross.
MATCH_19: 21'	Galeno - FC Porto - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box.
MATCH_19: 21'	Missed chance. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot from few metres is close, but missed.
MATCH_19: 33'	Missed chance. Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Kai Havertz.
MATCH_19: 35'	Missed chance. William Saliba - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side missed to the left. Assist - Bukayo Saka with a cross after corner.
MATCH_19: 38'	Missed chance. Nico González - FC Porto - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
MATCH_19: 40'	New attacking attempt. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
MATCH_19: 45'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leandro Trossard.
MATCH_19: 45+1'	Missed chance. Kai Havertz - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Bukayo Saka with a cross after corner.
MATCH_19: 53'	Shot blocked. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_19: 67'	Shot blocked. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
MATCH_19: 67'	Missed chance. Nico González - FC Porto - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left after corner.
MATCH_19: 90+2'	Missed chance. Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross .
MATCH_19: 90+6'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
MATCH_20: 4'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
MATCH_20: 5'	Shot blocked. Ronald Araújo - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_20: 8'	New attacking attempt. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
MATCH_20: 14'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with left foot inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Pedri.
MATCH_20: 22'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - João Cancelo.
MATCH_20: 22'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Frenkie de Jong.
MATCH_20: 33'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross .
MATCH_20: 46'	Missed chance. Matteo Politano - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Mathías Olivera with a cross.
MATCH_20: 49'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lamine Yamal.
MATCH_20: 51'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the right side of the box goes high. Assist - Lamine Yamal with a through ball.
MATCH_20: 66'	New attacking attempt. Pedri - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
MATCH_20: 80'	Shot blocked. Giacomo Raspadori - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_20: 84'	Shot blocked. Giovanni Simeone - Napoli - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Hamed Traorè with a through ball.
MATCH_20: 85'	Missed chance. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed after corner.
MATCH_20: 89'	Missed chance. Giovanni Simeone - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
MATCH_20: 90+5'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
MATCH_21: 5'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Fabián Ruiz.
MATCH_21: 8'	New attacking attempt. Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Mikel Merino with a cross.
MATCH_21: 10'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from few metres is saved in the left corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_21: 15'	New attacking attempt. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lucas Hernández.
MATCH_21: 29'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
MATCH_21: 44'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left after corner.
MATCH_21: 45'	Missed chance. Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Hamari Traoré.
MATCH_21: 48'	Shot blocked. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Beraldo.
MATCH_21: 66'	New attacking attempt. Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_21: 67'	Missed chance. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Javi Galán with a cross after corner.
MATCH_21: 68'	New attacking attempt. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery.
MATCH_21: 70'	Missed chance. Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Mikel Oyarzabal.
MATCH_21: 73'	New attacking attempt. Mikel Oyarzabal - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the top left corner.
MATCH_21: 76'	Missed chance. Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross after corner.
MATCH_21: 76'	Missed chance. Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Hamari Traoré with a cross after corner.
MATCH_21: 79'	New attacking attempt. Beñat Turrientes - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_21: 82'	New attacking attempt. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Javi Galán.
MATCH_21: 89'	Shot blocked. Jon Olasagasti - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Takefusa Kubo.
MATCH_21: 89'	New attacking attempt. Beñat Turrientes - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Takefusa Kubo.
MATCH_21: 89'	Missed chance. Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed after corner.
MATCH_21: 90+2'	New attacking attempt. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
MATCH_22: 5'	Missed chance. Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Felipe Anderson.
MATCH_22: 6'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Thomas Müller.
MATCH_22: 8'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Leroy Sané.
MATCH_22: 8'	Missed chance. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross after corner.
MATCH_22: 10'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Mattia Zaccagni.
MATCH_22: 12'	Shot blocked. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_22: 14'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
MATCH_22: 14'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left after corner.
MATCH_22: 17'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leroy Sané.
MATCH_22: 18'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
MATCH_22: 24'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Thomas Müller.
MATCH_22: 24'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_22: 35'	Missed chance. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
MATCH_22: 37'	Missed chance. Ciro Immobile - Lazio - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed.
MATCH_22: 38'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
MATCH_22: 38'	Missed chance. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller with a head.
MATCH_22: 40'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Leroy Sané.
MATCH_22: 45+2'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_22: 52'	Shot blocked. Ciro Immobile - Lazio - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Adam Marusic with a cross.
MATCH_22: 54'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro.
MATCH_22: 59'	Missed chance. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Harry Kane.
MATCH_22: 66'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Thomas Müller.
MATCH_22: 71'	New attacking attempt. Thomas Müller - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_22: 72'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_22: 72'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_22: 75'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
MATCH_23: 13'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_23: 15'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross .
MATCH_23: 15'	Shot blocked. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
MATCH_23: 16'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Dani Olmo following a fast break.
MATCH_23: 26'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
MATCH_23: 39'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
MATCH_23: 41'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - David Raum.
MATCH_23: 42'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross after corner.
MATCH_23: 44'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni with a cross.
MATCH_23: 49'	Shot blocked. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_23: 51'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
MATCH_23: 52'	Shot blocked. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
MATCH_23: 60'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Federico Valverde.
MATCH_23: 63'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
MATCH_23: 67'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_23: 67'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
MATCH_23: 68'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Xaver Schlager with a cross after corner.
MATCH_23: 71'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Rodrygo after corner.
MATCH_23: 74'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Willi Orbán with a head.
MATCH_23: 74'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Loïs Openda.
MATCH_23: 76'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
MATCH_23: 77'	Shot blocked. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
MATCH_23: 77'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left.
MATCH_23: 80'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
MATCH_23: 82'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
MATCH_23: 87'	Shot blocked. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo with a cross.
MATCH_23: 89'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joselu.
MATCH_23: 90+2'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - hits the bar with a shot with right foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Christoph Baumgartner with a head.
MATCH_23: 90+3'	Shot blocked. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross.
MATCH_24: 9'	Shot blocked. Oscar Bobb - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
MATCH_24: 9'	Rodri - Manchester City - hits the bar with a shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box. Assist - Julián Álvarez with a cross after corner.
MATCH_24: 16'	Missed chance. William Clem - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
MATCH_24: 20'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Oscar Bobb.
MATCH_24: 32'	Shot blocked. Elias Achouri - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Peter Ankersen.
MATCH_24: 32'	Shot blocked. Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_24: 34'	Shot blocked. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
MATCH_24: 40'	Shot blocked. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
MATCH_24: 50'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
MATCH_24: 55'	Shot blocked. Sergio Gómez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_24: 66'	New attacking attempt. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Roony Bardghji.
MATCH_24: 76'	Missed chance. Scott McKenna - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Mohamed Elyounoussi with a head after corner.
MATCH_24: 78'	Shot blocked. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Andreas Cornelius.
MATCH_24: 79'	Missed chance. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Roony Bardghji after corner.
MATCH_24: 83'	Shot blocked. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Andreas Cornelius.
MATCH_24: 89'	Missed chance. Peter Ankersen - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from a diffucult position and long distance on the right missed to the left. Assist - Roony Bardghji.
MATCH_24: 90+1'	Shot blocked. Micah Hamilton - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julián Álvarez.
MATCH_24: 90+2'	Shot blocked. Rico Lewis - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Julián Álvarez.
MATCH_24: 90+3'	Missed chance. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Birger Meling following a fast break.
MATCH_25: 1'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Fermín López.
MATCH_25: 4'	New attacking attempt. Victor Osimhen - Napoli - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Matteo Politano with a through ball.
MATCH_25: 9'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
MATCH_25: 13'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Pau Cubarsí.
MATCH_25: 14'	Shot blocked. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_25: 17'	Raphinha - Barcelona - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Lamine Yamal following a fast break.
MATCH_25: 25'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Fermín López.
MATCH_25: 28'	Shot blocked. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_25: 34'	New attacking attempt. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Mário Rui.
MATCH_25: 35'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Victor Osimhen after corner.
MATCH_25: 36'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Jules Koundé.
MATCH_25: 37'	New attacking attempt. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
MATCH_25: 40'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Lamine Yamal.
MATCH_25: 45+4'	Shot blocked. Pau Cubarsí - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ronald Araujo with a head.
MATCH_25: 45+4'	Shot blocked. Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
MATCH_25: 47'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Hamed Traorè.
MATCH_25: 49'	Shot blocked. Matteo Politano - Napoli - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Hamed Traorè.
MATCH_25: 51'	Missed chance. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia with a cross after corner.
MATCH_25: 55'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - João Cancelo.
MATCH_25: 63'	Shot blocked. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Victor Osimhen.
MATCH_25: 67'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_25: 68'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
MATCH_25: 68'	Missed chance. Sergi Roberto - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed after corner.
MATCH_25: 68'	New attacking attempt. Ronald Araujo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from few metres is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Sergi Roberto.
MATCH_25: 69'	Shot blocked. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Raphinha.
MATCH_25: 73'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right missed to the left.
MATCH_25: 73'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Sergi Roberto with a head.
MATCH_25: 77'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
MATCH_25: 78'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
MATCH_25: 80'	Missed chance. Jesper Lindstrøm - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Mathías Olivera with a cross.
MATCH_25: 89'	Mathías Olivera - Napoli - hits the bar with a shot with left foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
MATCH_25: 90+2'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
MATCH_25: 90+3'	New attacking attempt. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
MATCH_25: 90+3'	Missed chance. Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Frank Anguissa.
MATCH_26: 4'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is very close to the goal.
MATCH_26: 11'	Missed chance. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Leandro Trossard.
MATCH_26: 13'	New attacking attempt. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ben White.
MATCH_26: 14'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Bukayo Saka after corner.
MATCH_26: 15'	Missed chance. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross.
MATCH_26: 16'	Missed chance. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
MATCH_26: 22'	New attacking attempt. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - João Mário with a cross.
MATCH_26: 23'	Shot blocked. Wendell - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nico González.
MATCH_26: 23'	Shot blocked. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Francisco Conceição.
MATCH_26: 27'	Missed chance. Declan Rice - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side missed to the left. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross.
MATCH_26: 43'	Missed chance. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
MATCH_26: 48'	Missed chance. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right.
MATCH_26: 58'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Kai Havertz.
MATCH_26: 64'	Missed chance. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left from a free kick.
MATCH_26: 70'	New attacking attempt. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nico González.
MATCH_26: 74'	Missed chance. William Saliba - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross .
MATCH_26: 83'	New attacking attempt. Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Bukayo Saka.
MATCH_26: 85'	New attacking attempt. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
MATCH_26: 85'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed.
MATCH_26: 101'	Missed chance. Mehdi Taremi - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Jorge Sánchez.
MATCH_26: 110'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Eddie Nketiah.
MATCH_26: 115'	New attacking attempt. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_27: 2'	New attacking attempt. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
MATCH_27: 2'	Shot blocked. Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
MATCH_27: 7'	Shot blocked. Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross.
MATCH_27: 11'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Donyell Malen.
MATCH_27: 12'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Niklas Süle with a cross.
MATCH_27: 16'	New attacking attempt. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Donyell Malen.
MATCH_27: 16'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_27: 26'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
MATCH_27: 27'	Missed chance. Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Joey Veerman.
MATCH_27: 31'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joey Veerman.
MATCH_27: 34'	New attacking attempt. Guus Til - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
MATCH_27: 40'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
MATCH_27: 42'	Missed chance. Olivier Boscagli - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Johan Bakayoko.
MATCH_27: 43'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Mauro Júnior.
MATCH_27: 48'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
MATCH_27: 49'	New attacking attempt. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Johan Bakayoko with a cross.
MATCH_27: 53'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from outside the box. Assist - Sergiño Dest.
MATCH_27: 56'	New attacking attempt. Jordan Teze - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Johan Bakayoko with a through ball.
MATCH_27: 62'	Missed chance. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Mauro Júnior.
MATCH_27: 64'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Donyell Malen.
MATCH_27: 68'	Shot blocked. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jordan Teze.
MATCH_27: 69'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Joey Veerman with a cross.
MATCH_27: 71'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner.
MATCH_27: 71'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - header inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jordan Teze with a cross after corner.
MATCH_27: 80'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
MATCH_27: 80'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
MATCH_27: 85'	New attacking attempt. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the left corner.
MATCH_27: 90'	Missed chance. Jordan Teze - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
MATCH_27: 90+4'	New attacking attempt. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Sergiño Dest.
MATCH_27: 90+4'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Jordan Teze with a through ball.
MATCH_28: 4'	New attacking attempt. Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_28: 5'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
MATCH_28: 13'	New attacking attempt. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu.
MATCH_28: 13'	New attacking attempt. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner.
MATCH_28: 18'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
MATCH_28: 22'	Missed chance. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Koke.
MATCH_28: 28'	New attacking attempt. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Mario Hermoso with a cross.
MATCH_28: 30'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Koke.
MATCH_28: 38'	Missed chance. Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Antoine Griezmann .
MATCH_28: 43'	Shot blocked. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
MATCH_28: 50'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
MATCH_28: 52'	New attacking attempt. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
MATCH_28: 53'	Missed chance. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
MATCH_28: 55'	Missed chance. Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
MATCH_28: 58'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_28: 60'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Marcos Llorente with a cross.
MATCH_28: 75'	Shot blocked. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
MATCH_28: 76'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Lautaro Martínez with a through ball following a fast break.
MATCH_28: 79'	Missed chance. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Pablo Barrios with a cross.
MATCH_28: 81'	Shot blocked. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from few metres is blocked.
MATCH_28: 81'	New attacking attempt. Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lautaro Martínez.
MATCH_28: 85'	Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Koke.
MATCH_28: 89'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner.
MATCH_28: 90+3'	Missed chance. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
MATCH_28: 94'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Yann Bisseck with a cross.
MATCH_28: 97'	New attacking attempt. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo Riquelme.
MATCH_28: 98'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - hits the right post with a shot with the head from few metres. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross after corner.
MATCH_28: 103'	Missed chance. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Alexis Sánchez with a cross.
MATCH_28: 105'	Shot blocked. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_28: 105+2'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Memphis Depay.
MATCH_28: 109'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Pavard.
MATCH_28: 109'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_28: 113'	Missed chance. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high from a free kick.
MATCH_28: 117'	Shot blocked. Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Alexis Sánchez.
MATCH_28: 120'	Shot blocked. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Memphis Depay.
MATCH_29: 1'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_29: 2'	Missed chance. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Loïs Openda.
MATCH_29: 2'	New attacking attempt. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
MATCH_29: 12'	Missed chance. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross after corner.
MATCH_29: 13'	Missed chance. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Kevin Kampl following a fast break.
MATCH_29: 13'	Shot blocked. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
MATCH_29: 20'	Missed chance. Ulisses Garcia - Young Boys - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Filip Ugrinic after corner.
MATCH_29: 29'	Missed chance. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_29: 32'	Missed chance. Sandro Lauper - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Saidy Janko.
MATCH_29: 38'	Shot blocked. Filip Ugrinic - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Sandro Lauper.
MATCH_29: 48'	New attacking attempt. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
MATCH_29: 48'	New attacking attempt. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
MATCH_29: 48'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked.
MATCH_29: 49'	Missed chance. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is high and wide to the left. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
MATCH_29: 50'	Missed chance. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kevin Kampl.
MATCH_29: 60'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
MATCH_29: 62'	New attacking attempt. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from few metres is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - David Raum with a cross.
MATCH_29: 65'	Shot blocked. Cedric Itten - Young Boys - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side is blocked. Assist - Meschack Elia with a cross.
MATCH_29: 66'	Missed chance. Meschack Elia - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
MATCH_29: 72'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Emil Forsberg.
MATCH_29: 72'	New attacking attempt. Silvere Ganvoula - Young Boys - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Meschack Elia.
MATCH_29: 73'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kevin Kampl.
MATCH_29: 75'	Shot blocked. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xavi Simons.
MATCH_29: 75'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left.
MATCH_29: 90+1'	New attacking attempt. Aurèle Amenda - Young Boys - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Noah Persson with a cross.
