	First Half starts.
1'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Harry Kane with a through ball.
2'	Offside - Real Madrid. Jude Bellingham is in offside.
5'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Nacho.
5'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Federico Valverde.
6'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Leroy Sané.
7'	Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
7'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
7'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Harry Kane following a fast break.
8'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
8'	Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
9'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from more than 35 yards goes high. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui following a fast break.
12'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller.
16'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Harry Kane.
20'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Noussair Mazraoui.
22'	Fouled by Thomas Müller - FC Bayern München
22'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
24'	Goal! FC Bayern München 0, Real Madrid 1. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assist - Toni Kroos with a through ball.
30'	Shot blocked. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
34'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Joshua Kimmich.
38'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Rodrygo.
38'	Andriy Lunin - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
39'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
39'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
40'	Fouled by Nacho - Real Madrid
40'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
42'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left from a free kick.
43'	Fouled by Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München
43'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
43'	Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
45'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
45'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Harry Kane.
45'	Missed chance. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
45'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Konrad Laimer.
45+1'	First Half ended - FC Bayern München 0, Real Madrid 1.
45'	Second Half starts FC Bayern München 0, Real Madrid 1.
45'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Raphaël Guerreiro for Leon Goretzka.
51'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
53'	Goal! FC Bayern München 1, Real Madrid 1. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box to the right corner. Assist - Konrad Laimer.
56'	Penalty FC Bayern München. Jamal Musiala draws a foul in the penalty area.
56'	Penalty conceded by Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - after a foul in the penalty area.
57'	Goal! FC Bayern München 2, Real Madrid 1. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
61'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
61'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
62'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
64'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni.
64'	Fouled by Toni Kroos - Real Madrid
64'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
64'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
65'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Eduardo Camavinga for Nacho.
65'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
65'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
66'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
66'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
67'	New attacking attempt. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
68'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
68'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Federico Valverde.
71'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
71'	Shot blocked. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
73'	Shot blocked. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
74'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
74'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
75'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
75'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
75'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Luka Modric for Jude Bellingham.
76'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Brahim Díaz for Toni Kroos.
76'	Fouled by Luka Modric - Real Madrid
76'	Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
78'	Fouled by Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid
78'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the left wing.
79'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luka Modric.
79'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Manuel Neuer.
80'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
80'	Offside - Real Madrid. Vinícius Júnior is in offside.
80'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Serge Gnabry for Thomas Müller.
82'	Penalty Real Madrid. Rodrygo draws a foul in the penalty area.
82'	Penalty conceded by Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München - after a foul in the penalty area.
82'	Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
83'	Goal! FC Bayern München 2, Real Madrid 2. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the centre of the goal.
85'	Missed chance. Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
86'	Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
87'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Joselu for Rodrygo.
87'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Alphonso Davies for Leroy Sané.
90'	Fouled by Eric Dier - FC Bayern München
90'	Joselu - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90'	Fouled by Joselu - Real Madrid
90'	Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+1'	Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+1'	Fouled by Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid
90+1'	Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+4'	Second Half ended - FC Bayern München 2, Real Madrid 2.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Bayern München 2, Real Madrid 2.
	First Half starts.
2'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
2'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
4'	Delay in match - Paris Saint Germain
5'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
8'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
8'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
11'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
14'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Julian Brandt.
16'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
18'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
18'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
19'	Fouled by Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund
19'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
19'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
28'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
28'	Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
29'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
30'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Achraf Hakimi.
31'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Julian Brandt is in offside.
33'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
33'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
36'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 1, Paris Saint Germain 0. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Nico Schlotterbeck with a through ball.
36'	Delay in match - injury Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain
38'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
41'	Delay in match - injury Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain
42'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
42'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Beraldo for Lucas Hernández - injury.
44'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
45'	Missed chance. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
45+1'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
45+1'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
45+4'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
45+4'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
45+5'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Julian Brandt.
45+5'	First Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 1, Paris Saint Germain 0.
45'	Second Half starts Borussia Dortmund 1, Paris Saint Germain 0.
46'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
46'	Fouled by Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
47'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
48'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
48'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
48'	Fouled by Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund
49'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
49'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
50'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Warren Zaïre-Emery.
51'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
51'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
51'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
51'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
52'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
53'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
53'	Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
53'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
54'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
54'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
54'	Fouled by Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
55'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
55'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
56'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Marquinhos with a cross.
57'	Fouled by Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain
57'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
58'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
58'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Marquinhos.
59'	Missed chance. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug with a head.
60'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
65'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
65'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
65'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Randal Kolo Muani for Bradley Barcola.
66'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross .
72'	New attacking attempt. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Kylian Mbappé with a through ball.
73'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
75'	Shot blocked. Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Ryerson.
76'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
76'	Fouled by Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund
78'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Julian Ryerson.
80'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
82'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
83'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marco Reus for Karim Adeyemi.
84'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
84'	Missed chance. Marco Reus - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high.
85'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
85'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Delay in match - injury Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
86'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
87'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Vitinha.
87'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marius Wolf for Julian Ryerson - injury.
87'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Felix Nmecha for Julian Brandt.
88'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Beraldo.
90'	Missed chance. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Fabián Ruiz with a cross.
90+1'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Youssoufa Moukoko for Niclas Füllkrug.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 1, Paris Saint Germain 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - Borussia Dortmund 1, Paris Saint Germain 0.
	First Half starts.
2'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
2'	Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
3'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross.
4'	New attacking attempt. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi with a cross.
6'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Karim Adeyemi.
7'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
8'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
8'	Fouled by Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain
12'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
12'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Beraldo.
13'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Vitinha.
18'	Fouled by Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain
18'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
19'	Missed chance. Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
27'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
31'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery.
32'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
33'	Shot blocked. Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé with a cross.
33'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
33'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
35'	New attacking attempt. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Julian Brandt.
38'	Delay in match - injury Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
39'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
42'	New attacking attempt. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
42'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
42'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
45'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
45'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
45+1'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
45+1'	Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	First Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 0, Borussia Dortmund 0.
45'	Second Half starts Paris Saint Germain 0, Borussia Dortmund 0.
47'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Julian Ryerson.
47'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from few metres missed after corner.
47'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box. Assist - Gonçalo Ramos after corner.
48'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Niclas Füllkrug is in offside.
49'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
49'	Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
49'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Marquinhos.
50'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 0, Borussia Dortmund 1. Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from few metres to the right corner. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
54'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Kylian Mbappé.
55'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
55'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
56'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marco Reus for Karim Adeyemi.
57'	Fouled by Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain
57'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
60'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Vitinha.
61'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
61'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with left foot from outside the box.
62'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
63'	Missed chance. Gonçalo Ramos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Nuno Mendes with a cross.
63'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Marco Asensio for Fabián Ruiz.
63'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Bradley Barcola for Gonçalo Ramos.
64'	Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
64'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
64'	Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
65'	Fouled by Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund
65'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
65'	Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
66'	Shot blocked. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
67'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Niklas Süle for Jadon Sancho.
69'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
74'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
75'	Fouled by Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain
75'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
75'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
76'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Lee Kang-In for Warren Zaïre-Emery.
76'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
76'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Beraldo.
77'	Missed chance. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
77'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Mats Hummels is in offside.
79'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
79'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Julian Ryerson.
79'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
79'	Shot blocked. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
80'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Julian Ryerson.
80'	Missed chance. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left after corner.
80'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
80'	Shot blocked. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
80'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
80'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Gregor Kobel.
82'	Fouled by Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund
82'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
82'	Missed chance. Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Lee Kang-In with a cross .
83'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
83'	Fouled by Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
84'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card.
85'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Felix Nmecha for Julian Brandt.
86'	Missed chance. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - header inside of six yard box - left side missed. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé with a cross.
86'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
86'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Gregor Kobel.
87'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
88'	Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - hits the bar with a shot with right foot from outside the box. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
89'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
89'	Shot blocked. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
89'	Missed chance. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left.
90'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Mats Hummels.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 0, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Paris Saint Germain 0, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Joshua Kimmich.
9'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
12'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
12'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
13'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
13'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
15'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
17'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
19'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
19'	Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the right wing.
20'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
20'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Fouled by Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München
22'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
25'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
26'	Delay in match - injury Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München
27'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
27'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Alphonso Davies for Serge Gnabry - injury.
28'	Fouled by Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid
28'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
28'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
28'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
32'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
36'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Toni Kroos.
39'	Fouled by Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München
39'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
39'	Shot blocked. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
40'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Manuel Neuer.
40'	Shot blocked. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked.
40'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Noussair Mazraoui.
44'	New attacking attempt. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.
45+1'	First Half ended - Real Madrid 0, FC Bayern München 0.
45'	Second Half starts Real Madrid 0, FC Bayern München 0.
47'	Missed chance. Nacho - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Toni Kroos.
47'	Shot blocked. Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Harry Kane.
47'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
52'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Matthijs de Ligt.
53'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed after corner.
53'	New attacking attempt. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner.
55'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from few metres is close, but missed. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
57'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
57'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
58'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
58'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
59'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner.
60'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
60'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Manuel Neuer.
61'	Fouled by Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid
61'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
64'	Hand ball by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
65'	Missed chance. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Toni Kroos .
66'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Alphonso Davies.
66'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
68'	Goal! Real Madrid 0, FC Bayern München 1. Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the left side of the box to the top right corner. Assist - Harry Kane following a fast break.
69'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Luka Modric for Toni Kroos.
70'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Eduardo Camavinga for Aurélien Tchouaméni.
71'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Eric Dier.
71'	Fouled by Nacho - Real Madrid
71'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Own Goal by Alphonso Davies, FC Bayern München. Real Madrid 0, FC Bayern München 1.
72'	Delay in match - injury Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
73'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
73'	VAR Decision: No Goal Real Madrid 0-1 FC Bayern München.
76'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
76'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Kim Min-Jae for Leroy Sané.
77'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
77'	Nacho - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
79'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
79'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
80'	Fouled by Luka Modric - Real Madrid
80'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
81'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Brahim Díaz for Rodrygo.
81'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Joselu for Federico Valverde.
81'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
82'	Andriy Lunin - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Fouled by Aleksandar Pavlovic - FC Bayern München
83'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Antonio Rüdiger.
84'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Alphonso Davies.
84'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Thomas Müller for Jamal Musiala - injury.
85'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Eric Choupo-Moting for Harry Kane.
86'	Delay in match - injury Aleksandar Pavlovic - FC Bayern München
87'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
88'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
88'	Goal! Real Madrid 1, FC Bayern München 1. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from few metres to the left corner.
90'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
90'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Eric Dier.
90+1'	Goal! Real Madrid 2, FC Bayern München 1. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from few metres to the centre of the goal. Assist - Antonio Rüdiger with a cross after corner.Goal awarded following VAR Review.
90+2'	VAR Decision: Goal Real Madrid 2-1 FC Bayern München - Joselu
90+5'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
90+5'	Joselu - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
90+7'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
90+7'	Nacho - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90+9'	Missed chance. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
90+9'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Alphonso Davies is in offside.
90+10'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Éder Militão for Jude Bellingham.
90+10'	Eric Choupo-Moting - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+10'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
90+11'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - receive yellow card.
90+12'	Fouled by Éder Militão - Real Madrid
90+12'	Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+13'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Noussair Mazraoui is in offside.
90+15'	Fouled by Luka Modric - Real Madrid
90+15'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+15'	Second Half ended - Real Madrid 2, FC Bayern München 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Real Madrid 2, FC Bayern München 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Real Madrid 2, FC Bayern München 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Fouled by Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid
1'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
1'	Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
2'	Goal! Real Madrid 0, Manchester City 1. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - from a free kick with a shot with left foot to the left corner.
4'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
4'	Fouled by Josko Gvardiol - Manchester City
7'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the left corner. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
7'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
12'	Missed chance. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
12'	Own Goal by Rúben Dias, Manchester City. Real Madrid 1, Manchester City 1.
14'	Goal! Real Madrid 2, Manchester City 1. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Vinícius Júnior following a fast break.
19'	New attacking attempt. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
26'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga.
29'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
29'	Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
30'	Fouled by Phil Foden - Manchester City
30'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
31'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
33'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
33'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior following a fast break.
34'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
34'	Rúben Dias - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
36'	Fouled by Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid
36'	Rúben Dias - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
37'	Fouled by Manuel Akanji - Manchester City
37'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
37'	Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - receive yellow card for a foul.
40'	Delay in match - injury Rodrygo - Real Madrid
40'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
42'	New attacking attempt. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrygo.
45+1'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	Fouled by Erling Haaland - Manchester City
45+3'	First Half ended - Real Madrid 2, Manchester City 1.
45'	Second Half starts Real Madrid 2, Manchester City 1.
47'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
47'	Phil Foden - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
47'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
47'	Rodri - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
48'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
48'	Fouled by Erling Haaland - Manchester City
49'	Missed chance. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
50'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
50'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
51'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
51'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
51'	Fouled by Phil Foden - Manchester City
53'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed.
54'	Erling Haaland - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
54'	Fouled by Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid
55'	Missed chance. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jack Grealish with a cross .
55'	Fouled by Manuel Akanji - Manchester City
55'	Rodrygo - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
56'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Rodrygo.
59'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
60'	New attacking attempt. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
62'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
63'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
65'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
66'	Goal! Real Madrid 2, Manchester City 2. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box to the top left corner. Assist - John Stones.
68'	Shot blocked. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
71'	Goal! Real Madrid 2, Manchester City 3. Josko Gvardiol - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box to the right corner. Assist - Jack Grealish.
72'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Brahim Díaz for Rodrygo.
72'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Luka Modric for Toni Kroos.
72'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Manuel Akanji.
73'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Stefan Ortega.
75'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Luka Modric.
79'	Goal! Real Madrid 3, Manchester City 3. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box to the left corner. Assist - Vinícius Júnior with a cross.
80'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by John Stones.
81'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
81'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
81'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - receive yellow card.
82'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Fouled by Phil Foden - Manchester City
86'	Delay in match - injury Phil Foden - Manchester City
86'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Joselu for Vinícius Júnior.
87'	Substitution - Manchester City. Julián Álvarez for Phil Foden - injury.
87'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
88'	Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
88'	Fouled by Bernardo Silva - Manchester City
88'	Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - receive yellow card for a foul.
89'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by John Stones.
90'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Luka Modric.
90'	Missed chance. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni after corner.
90+1'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
90+1'	Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - won a free kick on the left wing.
90+2'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
90+2'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Real Madrid 3, Manchester City 3.
	Thats all. Game finished - Real Madrid 3, Manchester City 3.
	First Half starts.
1'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
1'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
7'	Offside - Arsenal. Bukayo Saka is in offside.
7'	Missed chance. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
8'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
8'	Fouled by Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München
9'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
9'	Fouled by Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München
9'	Alphonso Davies - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
12'	Goal! Arsenal 1, FC Bayern München 0. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box to the left corner. Assist - Ben White.
16'	New attacking attempt. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Kai Havertz.
18'	Goal! Arsenal 1, FC Bayern München 1. Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assist - Leon Goretzka with a through ball.
20'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
20'	Shot blocked. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
21'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
21'	Fouled by Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München
22'	New attacking attempt. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli with a cross.
22'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
22'	Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
24'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
24'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
26'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Serge Gnabry.
27'	Missed chance. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with left foot from few metres missed to the left after corner.
30'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
30'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
30'	Penalty FC Bayern München. Leroy Sané draws a foul in the penalty area.
30'	Penalty conceded by William Saliba - Arsenal - after a foul in the penalty area.
32'	Goal! Arsenal 1, FC Bayern München 2. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the right corner.
35'	Shot blocked. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Bukayo Saka.
35'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
35'	Jorginho - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
36'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
36'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
37'	Missed chance. Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross .
38'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
38'	Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
39'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
39'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
42'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Eric Dier.
42'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
42'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
43'	Fouled by Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München
43'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
45'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
45'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	Offside - Arsenal. Kai Havertz is in offside.
45+1'	First Half ended - Arsenal 1, FC Bayern München 2.
45'	Second Half starts Arsenal 1, FC Bayern München 2.
45'	Substitution - Arsenal. Oleksandr Zinchenko for Jakub Kiwior.
47'	Offside - Arsenal. Kai Havertz is in offside.
48'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
48'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
50'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
50'	Fouled by Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München
55'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
55'	Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
55'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
56'	Delay in match - injury Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
56'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
57'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Martin Ødegaard .
57'	Missed chance. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
59'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
59'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
61'	Missed chance. Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
62'	Shot blocked. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
64'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
64'	Oleksandr Zinchenko - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
65'	Missed chance. Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Leroy Sané following a fast break.
66'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Kingsley Coman for Leroy Sané.
66'	Substitution - Arsenal. Leandro Trossard for Gabriel Martinelli.
67'	Substitution - Arsenal. Gabriel Jesus for Jorginho.
68'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Gabriel Jesus.
68'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
68'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Declan Rice.
69'	Delay in match - injury Serge Gnabry - FC Bayern München
70'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
70'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Raphaël Guerreiro for Serge Gnabry - injury.
71'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Kingsley Coman is in offside.
73'	Delay in match - injury Eric Dier - FC Bayern München
74'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
76'	Goal! Arsenal 2, FC Bayern München 2. Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Gabriel Jesus.
77'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Harry Kane is in offside.
78'	Fouled by Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal
78'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
81'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
81'	Kingsley Coman - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
81'	Missed chance. Kingsley Coman - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
84'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
86'	Substitution - Arsenal. Thomas Partey for Kai Havertz.
86'	Fouled by Bukayo Saka - Arsenal
86'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
89'	Fouled by Thomas Partey - Arsenal
89'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Thomas Partey - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
90'	Kingsley Coman - FC Bayern München - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from few metres. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
90+6'	Second Half ended - Arsenal 2, FC Bayern München 2.
	Thats all. Game finished - Arsenal 2, FC Bayern München 2.
	First Half starts.
1'	Fouled by João Cancelo - Barcelona
1'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
2'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Pau Cubarsí.
5'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Nuno Mendes.
7'	New attacking attempt. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
7'	Fouled by Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain
7'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
7'	Offside - Barcelona. Ilkay Gündogan is in offside.
9'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marquinhos.
9'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Pau Cubarsí.
10'	Fouled by Raphinha - Barcelona
10'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
11'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
11'	Fouled by Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain
11'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
12'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Marco Asensio.
12'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
13'	Delay in match - injury Raphinha - Barcelona
14'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
16'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Pau Cubarsí.
17'	Fouled by Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain
17'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
19'	Shot blocked. Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
20'	Shot blocked. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
20'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Marquinhos.
20'	Shot blocked. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from few metres is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
20'	Shot blocked. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
20'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Marco Asensio.
21'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ronald Araujo after corner.
23'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Sergi Roberto.
23'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Gianluigi Donnarumma.
24'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
24'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
26'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Raphinha.
28'	New attacking attempt. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
28'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
30'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
30'	Fouled by Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona
33'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Gianluigi Donnarumma.
34'	Shot blocked. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
34'	Fouled by Sergi Roberto - Barcelona
34'	Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
34'	Sergi Roberto - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
36'	Fouled by Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain
36'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
37'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 0, Barcelona 1. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal.
38'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
38'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed to the left.
43'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
45'	Offside - Barcelona. Robert Lewandowski is in offside.
45+1'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Raphinha.
45+2'	Fouled by Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain
45+2'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
45+3'	First Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 0, Barcelona 1.
45'	Second Half starts Paris Saint Germain 0, Barcelona 1.
45'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Bradley Barcola for Marco Asensio.
46'	Offside - Barcelona. Robert Lewandowski is in offside.
47'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
48'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 1, Barcelona 1. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box to the top left corner.
50'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 2, Barcelona 1. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box to the left corner. Assist - Fabián Ruiz with a through ball.
52'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Lamine Yamal with a cross.
53'	Fouled by Raphinha - Barcelona
53'	Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
55'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
55'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Marc-André ter Stegen.
56'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Raphinha.
57'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
57'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ronald Araujo.
60'	Fouled by Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain
60'	Sergi Roberto - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
61'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Warren Zaïre-Emery for Lee Kang-In.
61'	Substitution - Barcelona. João Félix for Lamine Yamal.
61'	Substitution - Barcelona. Pedri for Sergi Roberto.
62'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 2, Barcelona 2. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Pedri with a through ball.
64'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
65'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
65'	João Félix - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
65'	Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
66'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
66'	Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
68'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
68'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
70'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
71'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
71'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
71'	Pedri - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Bradley Barcola is in offside.
74'	New attacking attempt. João Félix - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Raphinha.
75'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Vitinha with a through ball.
76'	Substitution - Barcelona. Andreas Christensen for Frenkie de Jong.
76'	Substitution - Barcelona. Ferran Torres for Raphinha.
76'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Nuno Mendes.
77'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 2, Barcelona 3. Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - shot with the head from few metres to the centre of the goal. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross after corner.
81'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
81'	João Félix - Barcelona - won a free kick on the left wing.
82'	Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Fouled by Pau Cubarsí - Barcelona
82'	Pau Cubarsí - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
83'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
85'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Gonçalo Ramos for Fabián Ruiz.
86'	Substitution - Barcelona. Fermín López for Ilkay Gündogan.
87'	Fouled by João Cancelo - Barcelona
87'	Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
87'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Bradley Barcola with a cross.
88'	Fouled by Andreas Christensen - Barcelona
88'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
88'	Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
89'	Fouled by Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain
89'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Fermín López - Barcelona - receive yellow card.
89'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+2'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
90+3'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Ronald Araujo.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 2, Barcelona 3.
	Thats all. Game finished - Paris Saint Germain 2, Barcelona 3.
	First Half starts.
2'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
2'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
4'	Fouled by José Giménez - Atletico Madrid
4'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
4'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 1, Borussia Dortmund 0. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner.
7'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Mats Hummels.
7'	New attacking attempt. Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
7'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Gregor Kobel.
10'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
10'	Shot blocked. Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Samuel Lino.
13'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
15'	Fouled by Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid
15'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
17'	Shot blocked. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Koke.
17'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
18'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
18'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
19'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Mats Hummels.
20'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - header inside of six yard box - left side is high and wide to the left. Assist - José Giménez with a head after corner.
22'	Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
23'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
23'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
24'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
24'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Jadon Sancho.
27'	Fouled by Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid
27'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
27'	Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
28'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
28'	Fouled by Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid
28'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card.
31'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by José Giménez.
31'	Missed chance. Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross after corner.
32'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 0. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
35'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
35'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Axel Witsel.
36'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Antoine Griezmann.
39'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
39'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
43'	Shot blocked. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
43'	New attacking attempt. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
44'	Delay in match - injury Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
45'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Mats Hummels.
45+1'	Missed chance. Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
45+1'	First Half ended - Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 0.
45'	Second Half starts Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 0.
45'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Julian Brandt for Felix Nmecha.
48'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
50'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
50'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
50'	Fouled by Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
50'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
51'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
53'	New attacking attempt. Nahuel Molina - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
53'	Fouled by Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund
53'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
53'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
54'	Delay in match - injury Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid
55'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
55'	New attacking attempt. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
56'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
56'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by César Azpilicueta.
60'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Sébastien Haller for Niclas Füllkrug.
63'	Fouled by José Giménez - Atletico Madrid
63'	Sébastien Haller - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
64'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Pablo Barrios for Álvaro Morata.
65'	Delay in match - Borussia Dortmund
65'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
67'	Dangerous play by Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund
67'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Shot blocked. Pablo Barrios - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
71'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Nahuel Molina.
72'	Fouled by José Giménez - Atletico Madrid
72'	Sébastien Haller - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
73'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens for Karim Adeyemi.
73'	Missed chance. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is very close to the goal from a free kick.
74'	Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
74'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
75'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from few metres is saved in the right corner. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross.
75'	Fouled by José Giménez - Atletico Madrid
75'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
75'	José Giménez - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
77'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
77'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
80'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Ángel Correa for Rodrigo De Paul.
81'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 1. Sébastien Haller - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner.
84'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marco Reus for Marcel Sabitzer.
84'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Salih Özcan for Emre Can.
85'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
86'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Axel Witsel.
87'	Shot blocked. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
87'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by César Azpilicueta.
88'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Axel Witsel.
90'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Saúl Ñíguez for Nahuel Molina.
90+1'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Stefan Savic for Axel Witsel.
90+1'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Rodrigo Riquelme for Samuel Lino.
90+4'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ángel Correa.
90+6'	Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - hits the bar with a shot with the head from the centre of the box. Assist - Julian Ryerson with a cross.
90+6'	Second Half ended - Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Atletico Madrid 2, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	First Half starts.
2'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
2'	Koke - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
3'	Shot blocked. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
4'	Shot blocked. Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
4'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by César Azpilicueta.
5'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a head following a fast break.
6'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nahuel Molina.
7'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
10'	Hand ball by Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund
12'	Offside - Atletico Madrid. Álvaro Morata is in offside.
13'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Jadon Sancho is in offside.
15'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by José Giménez.
16'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross after corner.
16'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Nahuel Molina.
16'	New attacking attempt. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
18'	New attacking attempt. Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
18'	Delay in match - injury Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
18'	Delay in match - injury Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
19'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
23'	Hand ball by Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund
24'	Offside - Atletico Madrid. Nahuel Molina is in offside.
26'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
26'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
27'	Missed chance. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Julian Brandt.
28'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
28'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
30'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
30'	Fouled by César Azpilicueta - Atletico Madrid
30'	Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
30'	César Azpilicueta - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
34'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 1, Atletico Madrid 0. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left to the centre of the goal. Assist - Mats Hummels.
37'	Fouled by Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
37'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
38'	New attacking attempt. Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen.
39'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 2, Atletico Madrid 0. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box to the right corner. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
41'	Fouled by César Azpilicueta - Atletico Madrid
41'	Gregor Kobel - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
43'	César Azpilicueta - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
43'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
43'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+1'	Fouled by Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid
45+1'	Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
45+1'	Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+2'	Shot blocked. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
45+3'	First Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 2, Atletico Madrid 0.
45'	Second Half starts Borussia Dortmund 2, Atletico Madrid 0.
45'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Pablo Barrios for Nahuel Molina.
45'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Rodrigo Riquelme for César Azpilicueta.
45'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Ángel Correa for Álvaro Morata.
47'	Delay in match - injury Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
48'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
48'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed.
48'	Shot blocked. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
49'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Nico Schlotterbeck.
49'	Missed chance. Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Antoine Griezmann with a cross after corner.
49'	Own Goal by Mats Hummels, Borussia Dortmund. Borussia Dortmund 2, Atletico Madrid 1.
54'	Fouled by Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid
54'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
55'	Shot blocked. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
57'	Missed chance. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Koke with a through ball.
59'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
59'	Fouled by Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid
60'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
60'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
62'	Missed chance. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
64'	New attacking attempt. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Ángel Correa.
64'	Shot blocked. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
64'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 2, Atletico Madrid 2. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal.
66'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens for Karim Adeyemi.
67'	Missed chance. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross.
68'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
68'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
68'	Hand ball by Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid
69'	Shot blocked. Jamie Bynoe-Gittens - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Emre Can.
69'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Koke.
70'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Rodrigo De Paul.
71'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 3, Atletico Madrid 2. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer with a cross.
74'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt.
74'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 4, Atletico Madrid 2. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug.
81'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Nico Schlotterbeck.
83'	Fouled by Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund
83'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
84'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Saúl Ñíguez for Rodrigo De Paul.
86'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Salih Özcan for Jadon Sancho.
87'	New attacking attempt. Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Emre Can with a head.
87'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Jan Oblak.
88'	Fouled by Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund
88'	Koke - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
89'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Fouled by Saúl Ñíguez - Atletico Madrid
90'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marco Reus for Julian Brandt.
90+2'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in attack.
90+2'	Fouled by José Giménez - Atletico Madrid
90+3'	Fouled by Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund
90+3'	Pablo Barrios - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 4, Atletico Madrid 2.
	Thats all. Game finished - Borussia Dortmund 4, Atletico Madrid 2.
	First Half starts.
4'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
4'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
4'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
6'	Shot blocked. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
7'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by João Cancelo.
9'	Fouled by Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona
9'	Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
12'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
12'	Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
12'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 0. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from few metres to the right corner. Assist - Lamine Yamal.
16'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
16'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
17'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by João Cancelo.
17'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Achraf Hakimi with a cross after corner.
20'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal.
23'	Fouled by Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona
23'	Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Jules Koundé.
27'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
28'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
28'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Marc-André ter Stegen.
28'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - header inside of six yard box - left side is blocked.
29'	Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
29'	Fouled by Ronald Araujo - Barcelona
29'	Ronald Araujo - Barcelona - receive red card.
32'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner from a free kick.
34'	Substitution - Barcelona. Iñigo Martínez for Lamine Yamal.
35'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
35'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
36'	Fouled by Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain
36'	Pedri - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
38'	João Cancelo - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
40'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 1. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box to the top right corner. Assist - Bradley Barcola with a cross.
40'	Iñigo Martínez - Barcelona - receive yellow card.
40'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card.
43'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
44'	Fouled by Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain
44'	Raphinha - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
45'	Missed chance. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
45'	Fouled by Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain
45'	Pedri - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
45+1'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+1'	Delay in match - injury Pedri - Barcelona
45+2'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45+3'	Missed chance. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Nuno Mendes with a cross.
45+5'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Pau Cubarsí.
45+5'	First Half ended - Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 1.
45'	Second Half starts Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 1.
49'	New attacking attempt. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Marquinhos.
49'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Marc-André ter Stegen.
49'	Shot blocked. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
50'	Fouled by Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona
50'	Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
50'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
52'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
54'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Pedri.
54'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 2. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box to the left corner. Assist - Achraf Hakimi after corner.
56'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
56'	Fouled by Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona
56'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
58'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - João Cancelo with a cross.
59'	Penalty Paris Saint Germain. Ousmane Dembélé draws a foul in the penalty area.
59'	Penalty conceded by João Cancelo - Barcelona - after a foul in the penalty area.
61'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 3. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the top left corner.
62'	Substitution - Barcelona. Ferran Torres for Pedri.
62'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
62'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
62'	Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
63'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Bradley Barcola.
65'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - receive yellow card.
66'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Bradley Barcola is in offside.
69'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by João Cancelo.
71'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Fouled by Ferran Torres - Barcelona
73'	Ferran Torres - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
73'	Fouled by Marquinhos - Paris Saint Germain
73'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Raphinha.
76'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Raphinha.
77'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Lee Kang-In for Bradley Barcola.
77'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Marco Asensio for Fabián Ruiz.
78'	Missed chance. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Ferran Torres.
79'	Shot blocked. Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
79'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Jules Koundé.
80'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Manuel Ugarte for Warren Zaïre-Emery.
82'	Substitution - Barcelona. João Félix for João Cancelo.
82'	Substitution - Barcelona. Fermín López for Frenkie de Jong.
84'	Fouled by Manuel Ugarte - Paris Saint Germain
84'	João Félix - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
85'	Offside - Barcelona. Robert Lewandowski is in offside.
87'	Gianluigi Donnarumma - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card.
88'	Shot blocked. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ferran Torres.
88'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Marquinhos.
88'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Randal Kolo Muani for Ousmane Dembélé.
89'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Gianluigi Donnarumma.
89'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
89'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
89'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 4. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the right corner following a fast break.
90+2'	Fouled by Fermín López - Barcelona
90+2'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
90+3'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
90+3'	Fouled by Fermín López - Barcelona
90+3'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
90+6'	Hand ball by Randal Kolo Muani - Paris Saint Germain
90+6'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
90+7'	Raphinha - Barcelona - receive yellow card.
90+7'	Fouled by Fermín López - Barcelona
90+7'	Manuel Ugarte - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
90+7'	Fermín López - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+8'	Second Half ended - Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 4.
	Thats all. Game finished - Barcelona 1, Paris Saint Germain 4.
	First Half starts.
6'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
6'	Josko Gvardiol - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
11'	New attacking attempt. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
12'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
12'	Goal! Manchester City 0, Real Madrid 1. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner.
14'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked. Assist - Jack Grealish.
14'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
15'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
15'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
17'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
19'	Erling Haaland - Manchester City - hits the bar with a shot with the head from few metres. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a head.
19'	Missed chance. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed.
21'	Fouled by Rúben Dias - Manchester City
21'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Fouled by Bernardo Silva - Manchester City
24'	Shot blocked. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
24'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
25'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
25'	Phil Foden - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
26'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
27'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
27'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick on the left wing.
27'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri.
27'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
28'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri with a cross.
32'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
32'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
33'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Phil Foden.
34'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Federico Valverde.
35'	Fouled by Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City
35'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
36'	Shot blocked. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
36'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
38'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
38'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick on the left wing.
38'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
39'	Offside - Manchester City. Josko Gvardiol is in offside.
42'	Delay in match - injury Rodrygo - Real Madrid
43'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
44'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
45'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
45+1'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left after corner.
45+2'	Fouled by Kyle Walker - Manchester City
45+2'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
45+3'	First Half ended - Manchester City 0, Real Madrid 1.
45'	Second Half starts Manchester City 0, Real Madrid 1.
47'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Ferland Mendy.
47'	New attacking attempt. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner.
50'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Toni Kroos.
50'	Delay in match - Manchester City
50'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
51'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Nacho.
53'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
54'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Federico Valverde.
55'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
55'	Fouled by Rúben Dias - Manchester City
58'	Missed chance. Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left.
58'	Shot blocked. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Bernardo Silva.
58'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
58'	Fouled by Jack Grealish - Manchester City
59'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
59'	Fouled by Jack Grealish - Manchester City
59'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - receive yellow card for a foul.
61'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
61'	Fouled by Josko Gvardiol - Manchester City
61'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
61'	Josko Gvardiol - Manchester City - receive yellow card for a foul.
62'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
62'	Fouled by Rodri - Manchester City
63'	Delay in match - Manchester City
64'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
69'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
70'	New attacking attempt. Jack Grealish - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rodri.
72'	Fouled by Manuel Akanji - Manchester City
72'	Rodrygo - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Substitution - Manchester City. Jérémy Doku for Jack Grealish.
74'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
76'	Goal! Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side to the top left corner.
78'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Manuel Akanji.
79'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Luka Modric for Toni Kroos.
80'	Fouled by Luka Modric - Real Madrid
80'	Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
82'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Manuel Akanji with a cross.
84'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Brahim Díaz for Rodrygo.
84'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
84'	Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - won a free kick on the left wing.
85'	Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - won a free kick on the right wing.
85'	Fouled by Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid
87'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
87'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
88'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed after corner.
89'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
89'	Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
90'	Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90'	Fouled by Rodri - Manchester City
90'	Rodri - Manchester City - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+1'	Offside - Real Madrid. Vinícius Júnior is in offside.
90+1'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90+1'	Fouled by Jérémy Doku - Manchester City
90+2'	New attacking attempt. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
90+4'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
90+4'	Kyle Walker - Manchester City - won a free kick on the right wing.
90+4'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+5'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Nacho.
90+5'	Missed chance. Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne with a cross after corner.
90+5'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side is high and wide to the left. Assist - Manuel Akanji after corner.
90+6'	Second Half ended - Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
90'	First Half Extra Time begins Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
90'	Substitution - Manchester City. Julián Álvarez for Erling Haaland.
91'	Delay in match - injury Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid
92'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
95'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne.
95'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Ferland Mendy.
96'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
98'	Hand ball by Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid
99'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
101'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
101'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
102'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez for Vinícius Júnior - injury.
103'	Fouled by Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City
103'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
105+1'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Rúben Dias.
105+2'	Missed chance. Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid - shot with left foot inside of six yard box - left side is very close to the goal. Assist - Brahim Díaz with a cross.
105+2'	First Half Extra Time ends, Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
105'	Second Half Extra Time begins Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
108'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
109'	Delay in match - injury Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
110'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Éder Militão for Dani Carvajal - injury.
111'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
111'	Missed chance. Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
112'	Substitution - Manchester City. Mateo Kovacic for Kevin De Bruyne.
112'	Substitution - Manchester City. John Stones for Manuel Akanji.
112'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
112'	Fouled by Phil Foden - Manchester City
113'	Shot blocked. Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
113'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
114'	Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
114'	Fouled by Bernardo Silva - Manchester City
119'	Fouled by Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid
119'	Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
120'	New attacking attempt. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Phil Foden.
120+2'	Second Half Extra Time ends, Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
120'	Penalty Shootout begins Manchester City 1, Real Madrid 1.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 1 - , Real Madrid 1. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the right corner.
120'	Penalty saved. Luka Modric - Real Madrid - shot with right foot saved in the left corner.
120'	Penalty saved. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot saved in the top centre of the goal.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 1 - , Real Madrid 1 - 1 Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the centre of the goal.
120'	Penalty saved. Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - shot with right foot saved in the left corner.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 1 - , Real Madrid 1 - 2 Lucas Vázquez - Real Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 2 - , Real Madrid 1 - 2 Phil Foden - Manchester City - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the top left corner.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 2 - , Real Madrid 1 - 3 Nacho - Real Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the right corner.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 3 - , Real Madrid 1 - 3 Ederson - Manchester City - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the left corner.
120'	Goal! Manchester City 1 - 3 - , Real Madrid 1 - 4 Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
120'	Penalty Shootout ends, Manchester City 1 - 3 - , Real Madrid 1 - 4
	Thats all. Game finished - Manchester City 1 - 3 - , Real Madrid 1 - 4
	First Half starts.
1'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
1'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
4'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed.
5'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
5'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
6'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
8'	Missed chance. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Kai Havertz.
10'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Leon Goretzka is in offside.
15'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
15'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
16'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Gabriel Magalhães.
19'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
19'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
21'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli.
23'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by David Raya.
24'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
27'	Fouled by Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München
27'	Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
29'	New attacking attempt. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Takehiro Tomiyasu.
30'	Offside - Arsenal. Kai Havertz is in offside.
31'	New attacking attempt. Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
32'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
32'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
34'	Shot blocked. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
34'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Jorginho.
37'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
37'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
38'	Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
39'	New attacking attempt. Kai Havertz - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross.
41'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
42'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
42'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	First Half ended - FC Bayern München 0, Arsenal 0.
45'	Second Half starts FC Bayern München 0, Arsenal 0.
46'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Gabriel Martinelli with a head.
47'	Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - hits the left post with a shot with the head from the centre of the box. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
47'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is blocked.
47'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by William Saliba.
48'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
48'	Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the right wing.
50'	Delay in match - injury Takehiro Tomiyasu - Arsenal
51'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
52'	Fouled by Takehiro Tomiyasu - Arsenal
52'	Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
54'	Fouled by Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München
54'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
54'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
57'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Gabriel Magalhães.
61'	Shot blocked. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
61'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by William Saliba.
63'	Goal! FC Bayern München 1, Arsenal 0. Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro with a cross.
66'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui.
67'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
67'	Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
68'	Substitution - Arsenal. Gabriel Jesus for Jorginho.
68'	Substitution - Arsenal. Leandro Trossard for Gabriel Martinelli.
68'	Fouled by Leandro Trossard - Arsenal
68'	Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the right wing.
69'	Missed chance. Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross .
71'	Fouled by Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München
71'	Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Shot blocked. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
72'	Missed chance. Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left.
72'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by William Saliba.
72'	Missed chance. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross after corner.
74'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Eric Dier.
74'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Manuel Neuer.
75'	Fouled by Ben White - Arsenal
75'	Manuel Neuer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
76'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Kim Min-Jae for Noussair Mazraoui - injury.
76'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
76'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Declan Rice.
78'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
78'	Fouled by Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München
80'	Offside - Arsenal. Gabriel Jesus is in offside.
84'	Fouled by Ben White - Arsenal
84'	Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Ben White - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
85'	Fouled by Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München
85'	Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
86'	Substitution - Arsenal. Eddie Nketiah for Takehiro Tomiyasu.
87'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
87'	Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
88'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed.
89'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Dayot Upamecano for Leroy Sané.
90'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Harry Kane.
90+1'	Offside - Arsenal. Bukayo Saka is in offside.
90+2'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
90+2'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
90+2'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+2'	Fouled by Leandro Trossard - Arsenal
90+2'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+3'	Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal - receive yellow card.
90+5'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
90+5'	Fouled by Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München
90+5'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Leon Goretzka.
90+5'	Second Half ended - FC Bayern München 1, Arsenal 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Bayern München 1, Arsenal 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Bayern München 1, Arsenal 0.
	First Half starts.
1'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
2'	Offside - RB Leipzig. Benjamin Henrichs is in offside.
3'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xavi Simons with a through ball.
7'	Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
7'	Fouled by Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig
7'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Brahim Díaz.
8'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Lukas Klostermann.
9'	Missed chance. Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Toni Kroos with a cross after corner.
9'	New attacking attempt. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Brahim Díaz.
10'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Dani Olmo.
15'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xavi Simons.
17'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
17'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
18'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
18'	Fouled by Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig
20'	New attacking attempt. Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
20'	Shot blocked. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Dani Olmo.
20'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Aurélien Tchouaméni.
22'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
23'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Vinícius Júnior following a fast break.
23'	Fouled by Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid
23'	Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Fouled by Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig
25'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
27'	Shot blocked. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Ferland Mendy.
27'	Fouled by Toni Kroos - Real Madrid
27'	Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
29'	Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
29'	Fouled by Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig
29'	Delay in match - injury Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig
31'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
32'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
32'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the left wing.
34'	Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
34'	Fouled by Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig
36'	Offside - RB Leipzig. David Raum is in offside.
42'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Aurélien Tchouaméni.
45'	Missed chance. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed. Assist - Brahim Díaz with a through ball.
45+2'	First Half ended - RB Leipzig 0, Real Madrid 0.
45'	Second Half starts RB Leipzig 0, Real Madrid 0.
46'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
46'	Missed chance. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
48'	Goal! RB Leipzig 0, Real Madrid 1. Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
51'	New attacking attempt. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
51'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner.
51'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
53'	Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card.
54'	David Raum - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
54'	Fouled by Rodrygo - Real Madrid
55'	Shot blocked. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
62'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is high and wide to the right. Assist - Xavi Simons.
64'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
64'	Fouled by Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig
64'	Missed chance. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
66'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
66'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
66'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
68'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo.
68'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by David Raum.
69'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
69'	Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
69'	Fouled by Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid
69'	Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
70'	Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
71'	New attacking attempt. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
72'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Brahim Díaz following a fast break.
73'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
73'	Fouled by Rodrygo - Real Madrid
74'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
75'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Amadou Haidara for Benjamin Henrichs.
75'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Yussuf Poulsen for Loïs Openda.
76'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Eljif Elmas for Dani Olmo.
76'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
76'	Fouled by Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig
76'	Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
76'	Fouled by Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig
77'	Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
81'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
81'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Amadou Haidara with a through ball.
81'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
82'	Delay in match - injury Brahim Díaz - Real Madrid
82'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
84'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez for Brahim Díaz - injury.
84'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Joselu for Rodrygo.
84'	New attacking attempt. Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
84'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
85'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - receive yellow card.
85'	Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
85'	Fouled by Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig
85'	Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
86'	Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Fouled by Eljif Elmas - RB Leipzig
89'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
89'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the left wing.
90'	Missed chance. Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left .
90'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Kevin Kampl for Xaver Schlager.
90+3'	Shot blocked. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga.
90+3'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Amadou Haidara.
90+4'	Missed chance. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Eduardo Camavinga with a cross.
90+5'	Second Half ended - RB Leipzig 0, Real Madrid 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - RB Leipzig 0, Real Madrid 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Fouled by Viktor Claesson - FC Copenhagen
1'	Rodri - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
3'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Nathan Aké with a cross.
6'	Fouled by Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen
6'	John Stones - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
6'	New attacking attempt. Rúben Dias - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
6'	Missed chance. Nathan Aké - Manchester City - shot with left foot from few metres is high and wide to the left .
7'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Elias Jelert.
8'	Fouled by Viktor Claesson - FC Copenhagen
8'	Jack Grealish - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
9'	Shot blocked. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
10'	Goal! FC Copenhagen 0, Manchester City 1. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the right side of the box to the left corner. Assist - Phil Foden with a through ball.
18'	Delay in match - injury Jack Grealish - Manchester City
19'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
21'	Substitution - Manchester City. Jérémy Doku for Jack Grealish - injury.
22'	Hand ball by Rodri - Manchester City
23'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner.
24'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by Phil Foden.
25'	Elias Jelert - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Fouled by Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City
26'	Delay in match - injury Phil Foden - Manchester City
27'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
27'	Fouled by Viktor Claesson - FC Copenhagen
27'	Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
29'	Missed chance. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
30'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
30'	Shot blocked. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
30'	Missed chance. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Rodri.
32'	Diogo Gonçalves - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in attack.
32'	Fouled by Jérémy Doku - Manchester City
34'	Shot blocked. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
34'	Goal! FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 1. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box to the right corner.
39'	Missed chance. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Elias Jelert.
41'	Fouled by Viktor Claesson - FC Copenhagen
41'	Rodri - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
44'	Shot blocked. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodri.
45'	Goal! FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 2. Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box to the left corner. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne.
45+4'	First Half ended - FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 2.
45'	Second Half starts FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 2.
48'	Fouled by Kevin Diks - FC Copenhagen
48'	Rodri - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
49'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by Nathan Aké.
50'	Missed chance. Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Magnus Mattsson with a cross after corner.
54'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Rodri.
54'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Kamil Grabara.
55'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Andreas Cornelius for Viktor Claesson.
55'	Fouled by Elias Achouri - FC Copenhagen
55'	Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
56'	New attacking attempt. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from long distance on the right is saved in the top right corner.
57'	Fouled by Kevin Diks - FC Copenhagen
57'	Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
59'	Offside - Manchester City. John Stones is in offside.
59'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Elias Jelert.
60'	Shot blocked. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Phil Foden.
63'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Elias Jelert.
63'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Kevin De Bruyne.
66'	Shot blocked. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jérémy Doku.
66'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Scott McKenna.
68'	Missed chance. Rodri - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Kyle Walker.
69'	New attacking attempt. Jérémy Doku - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Nathan Aké.
70'	Fouled by Andreas Cornelius - FC Copenhagen
70'	Rúben Dias - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Oscar Højlund for Diogo Gonçalves.
71'	Erling Haaland - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
71'	Fouled by Oscar Højlund - FC Copenhagen
71'	Rasmus Falk - FC Copenhagen - receive yellow card.
74'	Bernardo Silva - Manchester City - won a free kick on the left wing.
74'	Fouled by Kevin Diks - FC Copenhagen
74'	Kevin Diks - FC Copenhagen - receive yellow card for a foul.
75'	Missed chance. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from long distance on the left is very close to the goal from a free kick.
77'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from few metres is blocked. Assist - Bernardo Silva with a cross.
77'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Scott McKenna.
78'	Substitution - Manchester City. Matheus Nunes for Bernardo Silva - injury.
78'	Missed chance. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high after corner.
81'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Christian Sørensen for Elias Achouri.
81'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Jordan Larsson for Magnus Mattsson.
86'	Hand ball by Scott McKenna - FC Copenhagen
87'	New attacking attempt. Kevin De Bruyne - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
88'	Erling Haaland - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
88'	Fouled by Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen
90+2'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Matheus Nunes.
90+2'	Shot blocked. Matheus Nunes - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
90+2'	New attacking attempt. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Matheus Nunes.
90+2'	Goal! FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 3. Phil Foden - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal.
90+4'	Second Half ended - FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 3.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Copenhagen 1, Manchester City 3.
	First Half starts.
1'	Missed chance. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
2'	Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
2'	Fouled by Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
2'	Hand ball by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
4'	Fouled by Javi Galán - Real Sociedad
4'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
5'	Missed chance. Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high.
6'	Fouled by Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain
6'	Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in attack.
6'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé.
9'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
9'	Fouled by Javi Galán - Real Sociedad
9'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
9'	Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
14'	Fouled by Ander Barrenetxea - Real Sociedad
14'	Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
14'	Hand ball by Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain
15'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
15'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
16'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Takefusa Kubo is in offside.
18'	Missed chance. Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - André Silva.
19'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Beraldo.
20'	Brais Méndez - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the right wing.
20'	Fouled by Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain
22'	Missed chance. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross.
23'	Danilo Pereira - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
23'	Fouled by André Silva - Real Sociedad
25'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Ousmane Dembélé is in offside.
26'	Fouled by Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain
26'	Javi Galán - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
28'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
33'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Robin Le Normand.
34'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Álex Remiro.
35'	Shot blocked. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
35'	Missed chance. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
36'	Fouled by Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad
36'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
36'	Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - receive yellow card for a foul.
36'	Delay in match - injury Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad
38'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
38'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by André Silva.
40'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Fabián Ruiz.
42'	Shot blocked. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
42'	Fouled by Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad
42'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
45'	Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - hits the bar with a shot with left foot from outside the box. Assist - Brais Méndez.
45+2'	First Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 0, Real Sociedad 0.
45'	Second Half starts Paris Saint Germain 0, Real Sociedad 0.
46'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
46'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
47'	André Silva - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
47'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
49'	Hand ball by André Silva - Real Sociedad
50'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
50'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Danilo Pereira.
51'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Vitinha.
53'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Achraf Hakimi.
55'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Álex Remiro.
56'	Shot blocked. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Vitinha.
56'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Javi Galán.
56'	Delay in match - injury Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
57'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
58'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 1, Real Sociedad 0. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side to the top left corner after corner.
59'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
60'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Brais Méndez.
62'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Martín Zubimendi.
63'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
63'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Álex Remiro.
64'	Fouled by Ander Barrenetxea - Real Sociedad
64'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
65'	Fouled by Javi Galán - Real Sociedad
65'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the right wing.
66'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Arsen Zakharyan for Ander Barrenetxea.
69'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Fabián Ruiz.
70'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
70'	Fouled by Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad
70'	Goal! Paris Saint Germain 2, Real Sociedad 0. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assist - Fabián Ruiz.
72'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Lucas Hernández for Danilo Pereira.
72'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Marco Asensio for Bradley Barcola.
74'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Fabián Ruiz with a through ball.
76'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Lucas Hernández.
76'	Shot blocked. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross.
76'	Shot blocked. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - André Silva.
78'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Jon Pacheco for Robin Le Normand.
79'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Umar Sadiq for André Silva.
79'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Beñat Turrientes for Brais Méndez.
80'	Delay in match - injury Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad
80'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
82'	Missed chance. Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Beñat Turrientes.
83'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Randal Kolo Muani for Ousmane Dembélé.
84'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Hamari Traoré.
85'	Shot blocked. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Achraf Hakimi.
85'	New attacking attempt. Marco Asensio - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner.
87'	Missed chance. Randal Kolo Muani - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery following a fast break.
88'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Jon Aramburu for Javi Galán.
89'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Marquinhos.
89'	Missed chance. Jon Pacheco - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross after corner.
90+2'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
90+2'	Fouled by Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
90+2'	Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+3'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Umar Sadiq is in offside.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Paris Saint Germain 2, Real Sociedad 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - Paris Saint Germain 2, Real Sociedad 0.
	First Half starts.
2'	Missed chance. Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leroy Sané.
3'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
3'	Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
5'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
5'	Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - won a free kick in attack.
6'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
7'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller.
9'	Fouled by Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München
9'	Luis Alberto - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
10'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro.
10'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Mario Gila.
10'	Missed chance. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed after corner.
15'	Adam Marusic - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
15'	Fouled by Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München
17'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Raphaël Guerreiro.
18'	New attacking attempt. Mario Gila - Lazio - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luis Alberto with a cross.
22'	Missed chance. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Danilo Cataldi.
24'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Thomas Müller is in offside.
27'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
27'	Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
29'	Missed chance. Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
30'	Fouled by Mario Gila - Lazio
30'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
32'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller .
36'	Ciro Immobile - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
36'	Fouled by Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München
38'	Missed chance. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Luis Alberto.
39'	Offside - FC Bayern München. Harry Kane is in offside.
40'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
45'	Shot blocked. Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Gustav Isaksen.
45+1'	Fouled by Adam Marusic - Lazio
45+1'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	First Half ended - Lazio 0, FC Bayern München 0.
45'	Second Half starts Lazio 0, FC Bayern München 0.
46'	Fouled by Felipe Anderson - Lazio
46'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
47'	Fouled by Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio
47'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
48'	New attacking attempt. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Luis Alberto with a through ball.
49'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Kim Min-Jae.
50'	Shot blocked. Mario Gila - Lazio - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Luis Alberto with a cross.
50'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Kim Min-Jae.
52'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from few metres is blocked. Assist - Noussair Mazraoui with a cross.
52'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Mario Gila.
53'	Shot blocked. Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
58'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Thomas Müller with a cross.
59'	Delay in match - injury Elseid Hysaj - Lazio
60'	Substitution - Lazio. Manuel Lazzari for Elseid Hysaj - injury.
60'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
62'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller with a cross.
65'	Fouled by Noussair Mazraoui - FC Bayern München
65'	Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
67'	Shot blocked. Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Ciro Immobile.
67'	Penalty Lazio. Gustav Isaksen draws a foul in the penalty area.
67'	Penalty conceded by Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München - after a foul in the penalty area.
67'	Dayot Upamecano - FC Bayern München - receive red card.
68'	Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München - receive yellow card.
69'	Goal! Lazio 1, FC Bayern München 0. Ciro Immobile - Lazio - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the right corner.
72'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Thomas Müller with a through ball.
72'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Alessio Romagnoli.
73'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Matthijs de Ligt for Leon Goretzka.
73'	Missed chance. Kim Min-Jae - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
74'	Substitution - Lazio. Pedro for Gustav Isaksen.
74'	Substitution - Lazio. Valentín Castellanos for Ciro Immobile.
80'	Delay in match - injury Mario Gila - Lazio
81'	Substitution - Lazio. Patric for Mario Gila - injury.
81'	Substitution - Lazio. Daichi Kamada for Luis Alberto.
81'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
81'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Eric Choupo-Moting for Thomas Müller.
81'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Mathys Tel for Leroy Sané.
82'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Eric Choupo-Moting.
84'	Fouled by Alessio Romagnoli - Lazio
84'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
86'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
86'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Daichi Kamada.
86'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
87'	Missed chance. Eric Choupo-Moting - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Mathys Tel with a cross.
87'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Manuel Lazzari.
90'	Shot blocked. Felipe Anderson - Lazio - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Valentín Castellanos.
90'	Fouled by Manuel Lazzari - Lazio
90'	Mathys Tel - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
90+2'	New attacking attempt. Pedro - Lazio - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Daichi Kamada.
90+4'	Fouled by Valentín Castellanos - Lazio
90+4'	Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Lazio 1, FC Bayern München 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - Lazio 1, FC Bayern München 0.
	First Half starts.
2'	Delay in match - injury Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
3'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
5'	Fouled by Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
5'	Jerdy Schouten - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
6'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Mats Hummels.
8'	Fouled by Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven
8'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
11'	Missed chance. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Jordan Teze.
12'	Fouled by Marco Reus - Borussia Dortmund
12'	Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
15'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Mats Hummels.
16'	Missed chance. Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
17'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Emre Can.
18'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high.
20'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Jordan Teze.
20'	Missed chance. Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from few metres missed. Assist - Marco Reus with a cross after corner.
22'	Fouled by Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven
22'	Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
22'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - receive yellow card for a foul.
23'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
23'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
24'	Goal! PSV Eindhoven 0, Borussia Dortmund 1. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box to the top right corner. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
27'	Fouled by Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund
27'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick on the left wing.
28'	Offside - PSV Eindhoven. Malik Tillman is in offside.
29'	Missed chance. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from more than 35 yards goes high.
32'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
32'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in attack.
33'	Shot blocked. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Malik Tillman.
33'	Delay in match - injury Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
35'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
35'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Ian Maatsen.
37'	Missed chance. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Ismael Saibari with a cross.
39'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Jadon Sancho is in offside.
39'	New attacking attempt. Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Johan Bakayoko.
40'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Alexander Meyer.
41'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
41'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick on the left wing.
42'	Fouled by Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund
42'	Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick on the right wing.
42'	Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
43'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Joey Veerman with a cross .
45+1'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+2'	Fouled by Julian Ryerson - Borussia Dortmund
45+2'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
45+3'	First Half ended - PSV Eindhoven 0, Borussia Dortmund 1.
45'	Second Half starts PSV Eindhoven 0, Borussia Dortmund 1.
49'	Shot blocked. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Malik Tillman.
49'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Marco Reus.
50'	Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
50'	Fouled by Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven
52'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Johan Bakayoko.
54'	Penalty PSV Eindhoven. Malik Tillman draws a foul in the penalty area.
54'	Penalty conceded by Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - after a foul in the penalty area.
56'	Goal! PSV Eindhoven 1, Borussia Dortmund 1. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
57'	Fouled by Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund
57'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
59'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
59'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Walter Benítez.
60'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Malik Tillman.
61'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from few metres is very close to the goal after corner.
62'	Missed chance. Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Jordan Teze.
62'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Julian Brandt for Marco Reus.
64'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
64'	Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
65'	Missed chance. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
68'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marius Wolf for Jadon Sancho.
69'	Offside - PSV Eindhoven. Johan Bakayoko is in offside.
71'	Fouled by Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven
71'	Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
72'	New attacking attempt. Marius Wolf - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Ian Maatsen with a cross.
73'	Fouled by Nico Schlotterbeck - Borussia Dortmund
73'	Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
75'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Ricardo Pepi for Hirving Lozano.
75'	Fouled by Marius Wolf - Borussia Dortmund
75'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
75'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luuk de Jong with a head.
76'	Fouled by Jerdy Schouten - PSV Eindhoven
76'	Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
77'	Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
77'	Fouled by Jordan Teze - PSV Eindhoven
80'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
80'	Fouled by Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven
81'	New attacking attempt. Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Ricardo Pepi.
82'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Salih Özcan for Donyell Malen.
82'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Youssoufa Moukoko for Niclas Füllkrug.
82'	Delay in match - injury Ismael Saibari - PSV Eindhoven
83'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Mauro Júnior for Ismael Saibari - injury.
83'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
84'	Hand ball by Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven
89'	Delay in match - injury Olivier Boscagli - PSV Eindhoven
90'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Armando Obispo for Olivier Boscagli - injury.
90'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
90+2'	Fouled by Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund
90+2'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
90+3'	Missed chance. Joey Veerman - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
90+4'	Fouled by Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund
90+4'	Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
90+7'	Second Half ended - PSV Eindhoven 1, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - PSV Eindhoven 1, Borussia Dortmund 1.
	First Half starts.
3'	Hand ball by Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid
3'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the right side of the box missed. Assist - Alessandro Bastoni with a cross .
5'	Fouled by Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan
5'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
5'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
5'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Missed chance. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
12'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Koke.
13'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
17'	Dangerous play by Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan
17'	Marcos Llorente - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
19'	Missed chance. Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
24'	Fouled by Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan
24'	Nahuel Molina - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
25'	Fouled by Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid
25'	Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
26'	Missed chance. Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box missed to the left.
32'	Missed chance. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Marcus Thuram with a head.
34'	Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
34'	Fouled by Benjamin Pavard - Inter Milan
36'	Fouled by Saúl Ñíguez - Atletico Madrid
36'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
37'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella with a cross.
38'	Fouled by Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan
38'	José Giménez - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
38'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcus Thuram.
38'	Corner - Inter Milan. Conceded by José Giménez.
40'	Fouled by Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid
40'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
41'	Hand ball by Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan
43'	New attacking attempt. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
44'	Delay in match - injury Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan
45'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45+1'	First Half ended - Inter Milan 0, Atletico Madrid 0.
45'	Second Half starts Inter Milan 0, Atletico Madrid 0.
45'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Stefan Savic for José Giménez - injury.
45'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Marko Arnautovic for Marcus Thuram - injury.
47'	Shot blocked. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
47'	Corner - Inter Milan. Conceded by Axel Witsel.
48'	Fouled by Benjamin Pavard - Inter Milan
48'	Jan Oblak - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
49'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Federico Dimarco with a cross.
49'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
49'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
52'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
53'	Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
54'	Delay in match - injury Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan
54'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Álvaro Morata for Saúl Ñíguez.
55'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
56'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
57'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Stefan de Vrij.
58'	Delay in match - injury Yann Sommer - Inter Milan
58'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
59'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
59'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
60'	Missed chance. Koke - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
60'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
60'	Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
61'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
61'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
63'	Missed chance. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal.
63'	Delay in match - injury Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
65'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
67'	Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
67'	Fouled by Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan
68'	Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
68'	Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
68'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Reinildo for Mario Hermoso.
68'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Pablo Barrios for Nahuel Molina.
69'	Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
69'	Fouled by Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid
69'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Denzel Dumfries for Matteo Darmian.
69'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Carlos Augusto for Federico Dimarco.
72'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
72'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Davide Frattesi for Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
73'	Shot blocked. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu.
76'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
77'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross.
78'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Ángel Correa for Antoine Griezmann - injury.
79'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Davide Frattesi.
79'	Goal! Inter Milan 1, Atletico Madrid 0. Marko Arnautovic - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left to the left corner.
81'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
82'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
82'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card.
84'	Shot blocked. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Davide Frattesi.
84'	Benjamin Pavard - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Fouled by Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
84'	Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
86'	Fouled by Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan
86'	Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
87'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Denzel Dumfries.
88'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Ángel Correa with a cross.
88'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Alexis Sánchez for Lautaro Martínez.
90'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
90+1'	Corner - Inter Milan. Conceded by Reinildo.
90+2'	Shot blocked. Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross.
90+2'	Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
90+2'	Fouled by Pablo Barrios - Atletico Madrid
90+2'	Koke - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card.
90+3'	Alexis Sánchez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
90+3'	Fouled by Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid
90+4'	Fouled by Carlos Augusto - Inter Milan
90+4'	Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90+4'	Carlos Augusto - Inter Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Inter Milan 1, Atletico Madrid 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - Inter Milan 1, Atletico Madrid 0.
	First Half starts.
2'	Fouled by Declan Rice - Arsenal
2'	Galeno - FC Porto - won a free kick on the left wing.
2'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
4'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
4'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Ben White - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Fouled by Nico González - FC Porto
10'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
10'	Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - won a free kick on the right wing.
11'	Fouled by Bukayo Saka - Arsenal
11'	Wendell - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
13'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
13'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
16'	Fouled by Pepe - FC Porto
16'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
17'	Fouled by Ben White - Arsenal
17'	Pepe - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
19'	Fouled by Declan Rice - Arsenal
19'	Nico González - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
21'	Shot blocked. Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Francisco Conceição with a cross.
21'	Galeno - FC Porto - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box.
21'	Missed chance. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot from few metres is close, but missed.
23'	Fouled by Ben White - Arsenal
23'	Galeno - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
23'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
23'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
24'	Fouled by Wendell - FC Porto
24'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Fouled by Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
25'	Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
25'	Fouled by Wendell - FC Porto
26'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Alan Varela.
30'	Fouled by Pepê Aquino - FC Porto
30'	Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
33'	Missed chance. Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Kai Havertz.
34'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Wendell.
35'	Missed chance. William Saliba - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side missed to the left. Assist - Bukayo Saka with a cross after corner.
36'	Alan Varela - FC Porto - won a free kick in attack.
36'	Fouled by Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal
38'	Missed chance. Nico González - FC Porto - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
39'	Evanilson - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
39'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
40'	New attacking attempt. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
40'	Fouled by Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
40'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
41'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Wendell.
42'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by João Mário.
44'	Evanilson - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
44'	Fouled by Bukayo Saka - Arsenal
45'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leandro Trossard.
45'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Wendell.
45+1'	Missed chance. Kai Havertz - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Bukayo Saka with a cross after corner.
45+2'	First Half ended - FC Porto 0, Arsenal 0.
45'	Second Half starts FC Porto 0, Arsenal 0.
48'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
48'	Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - won a free kick on the right wing.
49'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
49'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
52'	Fouled by Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
52'	Gabriel Martinelli - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
52'	Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - receive yellow card for a foul.
53'	Shot blocked. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
55'	Fouled by Alan Varela - FC Porto
55'	Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
55'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Alan Varela.
56'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
56'	Pepe - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
57'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
57'	Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - won a free kick on the right wing.
57'	Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
59'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
59'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
60'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
60'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
60'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
62'	Fouled by Nico González - FC Porto
62'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
62'	Nico González - FC Porto - receive yellow card for a foul.
64'	Delay in match - injury Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
64'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
65'	Fouled by Leandro Trossard - Arsenal
65'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
67'	Shot blocked. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
67'	Corner - FC Porto. Conceded by Declan Rice.
67'	Missed chance. Nico González - FC Porto - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left after corner.
71'	Evanilson - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
71'	Fouled by Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal
71'	Otávio - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Pepe.
73'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Wendell.
74'	Substitution - Arsenal. Jorginho for Leandro Trossard.
79'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Otávio.
80'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
80'	Wendell - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
81'	Substitution - FC Porto. Iván Jaime for Nico González.
85'	Substitution - FC Porto. Toni Martínez for Evanilson.
85'	Substitution - FC Porto. Gonçalo Borges for Francisco Conceição.
86'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Otávio.
88'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
88'	Wendell - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Fouled by Ben White - Arsenal
89'	Iván Jaime - FC Porto - won a free kick in attack.
90'	Substitution - FC Porto. Stephen Eustáquio for Wendell - injury.
90+1'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
90+1'	Fouled by Galeno - FC Porto
90+2'	Missed chance. Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Declan Rice with a cross .
90+4'	Goal! FC Porto 1, Arsenal 0. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot from outside the box to the right corner. Assist - Otávio.
90+6'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
90+6'	Second Half ended - FC Porto 1, Arsenal 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Porto 1, Arsenal 0.
	First Half starts.
4'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
5'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Giovanni Di Lorenzo.
5'	Shot blocked. Ronald Araújo - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
8'	New attacking attempt. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
9'	Fouled by Jules Koundé - Barcelona
9'	Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - won a free kick on the left wing.
13'	Fouled by Amir Rrahmani - Napoli
13'	Pedri - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
14'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with left foot inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Pedri.
15'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
16'	Fouled by Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona
16'	Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
16'	Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
18'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Ronald Araújo.
20'	Amir Rrahmani - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
20'	Fouled by Andreas Christensen - Barcelona
21'	Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
21'	Fouled by Jens Cajuste - Napoli
22'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - João Cancelo.
22'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Frenkie de Jong.
22'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Alex Meret.
24'	Fouled by Pedri - Barcelona
24'	Frank Anguissa - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
25'	Fouled by Andreas Christensen - Barcelona
25'	Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - won a free kick on the left wing.
27'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
30'	Fouled by Íñigo Martínez - Barcelona
30'	Victor Osimhen - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
31'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
31'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
32'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
32'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
33'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross .
34'	Fouled by Íñigo Martínez - Barcelona
34'	Victor Osimhen - Napoli - won a free kick in attack.
36'	Fouled by Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona
36'	Matteo Politano - Napoli - won a free kick on the right wing.
39'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Lamine Yamal.
44'	Amir Rrahmani - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
44'	Fouled by Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona
45'	First Half ended - Napoli 0, Barcelona 0.
45'	Second Half starts Napoli 0, Barcelona 0.
46'	Missed chance. Matteo Politano - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Mathías Olivera with a cross.
49'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lamine Yamal.
50'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
51'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the right side of the box goes high. Assist - Lamine Yamal with a through ball.
53'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Juan Jesus.
56'	Fouled by Íñigo Martínez - Barcelona
56'	Victor Osimhen - Napoli - won a free kick on the right wing.
58'	Fouled by Lamine Yamal - Barcelona
58'	Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
60'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
60'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
60'	Goal! Napoli 0, Barcelona 1. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Pedri.
62'	Delay in match - injury Ronald Araújo - Barcelona
64'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
64'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Frenkie de Jong.
65'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
65'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
66'	New attacking attempt. Pedri - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
66'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Alex Meret.
67'	Fouled by João Cancelo - Barcelona
67'	Matteo Politano - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
68'	Substitution - Napoli. Hamed Traorè for Jens Cajuste.
68'	Substitution - Napoli. Jesper Lindstrøm for Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
68'	Offside - Napoli. Matteo Politano is in offside.
70'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
70'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Offside - Barcelona. Robert Lewandowski is in offside.
75'	Goal! Napoli 1, Barcelona 1. Victor Osimhen - Napoli - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Frank Anguissa.
76'	Íñigo Martínez - Barcelona - receive yellow card.
77'	Substitution - Napoli. Giacomo Raspadori for Matteo Politano.
77'	Substitution - Napoli. Giovanni Simeone for Victor Osimhen.
78'	Fouled by Jules Koundé - Barcelona
78'	Jesper Lindstrøm - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
78'	Fouled by Andreas Christensen - Barcelona
78'	Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli - won a free kick in attack.
78'	Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
80'	Shot blocked. Giacomo Raspadori - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
80'	Substitution - Barcelona. Raphinha for Lamine Yamal.
82'	Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
83'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Andreas Christensen.
84'	Shot blocked. Giovanni Simeone - Napoli - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Hamed Traorè with a through ball.
84'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Ronald Araújo.
84'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Pedri.
85'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Robert Lewandowski.
85'	Missed chance. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed after corner.
86'	Substitution - Barcelona. Oriol Romeu for Andreas Christensen.
86'	Substitution - Barcelona. João Félix for Pedri.
87'	Fouled by Giacomo Raspadori - Napoli
87'	Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
88'	Fouled by Giovanni Simeone - Napoli
88'	Frenkie de Jong - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Missed chance. Giovanni Simeone - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high.
90'	Fouled by Amir Rrahmani - Napoli
90'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
90+5'	Missed chance. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Napoli 1, Barcelona 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Napoli 1, Barcelona 1.
	First Half starts.
3'	Delay in match - injury Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
4'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
5'	Missed chance. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Fabián Ruiz.
7'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Nuno Mendes.
8'	New attacking attempt. Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Mikel Merino with a cross.
9'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Fouled by Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad
10'	New attacking attempt. Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from few metres is saved in the left corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
10'	Fouled by Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain
10'	Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the right wing.
11'	Fouled by Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain
11'	Sheraldo Becker - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
15'	New attacking attempt. Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lucas Hernández.
15'	Goal! Real Sociedad 0, Paris Saint Germain 1. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box to the right corner. Assist - Ousmane Dembélé with a through ball.
16'	Delay in match - Paris Saint Germain
19'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
20'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
20'	Fouled by Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad
21'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
22'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
22'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
24'	Fouled by Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
24'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
25'	Fouled by Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain
25'	Javi Galán - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
26'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Sheraldo Becker is in offside.
28'	Fouled by Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain
28'	Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in attack.
28'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
29'	New attacking attempt. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Bradley Barcola.
29'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Álex Remiro.
33'	Brais Méndez - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
33'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
35'	Fouled by Bradley Barcola - Paris Saint Germain
35'	Javi Galán - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
36'	Fouled by Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad
36'	Gianluigi Donnarumma - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Fouled by Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain
38'	Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
41'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
41'	Javi Galán - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
42'	Fouled by Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad
42'	Nuno Mendes - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
42'	Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - receive yellow card for a foul.
43'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Igor Zubeldia.
44'	Missed chance. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left after corner.
44'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
45'	Missed chance. Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Hamari Traoré.
45+2'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
45+2'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
45+2'	Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
45+2'	Fouled by Sheraldo Becker - Real Sociedad
45+4'	Fouled by Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain
45+4'	Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
45+4'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+5'	First Half ended - Real Sociedad 0, Paris Saint Germain 1.
45'	Second Half starts Real Sociedad 0, Paris Saint Germain 1.
45'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Lee Kang-In for Bradley Barcola.
46'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Mikel Oyarzabal is in offside.
46'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
48'	Shot blocked. Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Beraldo.
48'	Beraldo - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
48'	Fouled by Mikel Oyarzabal - Real Sociedad
49'	Fabián Ruiz - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
49'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
51'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Nuno Mendes.
54'	Fouled by Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad
54'	Ousmane Dembélé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in attack.
54'	Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad - receive yellow card for a foul.
55'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Martín Zubimendi.
56'	Goal! Real Sociedad 0, Paris Saint Germain 2. Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box to the left corner. Assist - Lee Kang-In.
58'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
59'	Fouled by Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
59'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
61'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Lee Kang-In is in offside.
61'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Ander Barrenetxea for Sheraldo Becker.
61'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Beñat Turrientes for Brais Méndez.
62'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Nordi Mukiele for Nuno Mendes.
62'	Fouled by Javi Galán - Real Sociedad
62'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
63'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Ander Barrenetxea is in offside.
65'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
65'	Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
66'	New attacking attempt. Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
66'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Nordi Mukiele.
67'	Missed chance. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Javi Galán with a cross after corner.
68'	New attacking attempt. Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Warren Zaïre-Emery.
70'	Missed chance. Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Mikel Oyarzabal.
71'	Fouled by Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad
71'	Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Fouled by Warren Zaïre-Emery - Paris Saint Germain
72'	Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
72'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Martín Zubimendi is in offside.
73'	New attacking attempt. Mikel Oyarzabal - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the top left corner.
74'	Fouled by Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain
74'	Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - won a free kick on the left wing.
75'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Lee Kang-In.
75'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Beraldo.
76'	Missed chance. Igor Zubeldia - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Takefusa Kubo with a cross after corner.
76'	Missed chance. Martín Zubimendi - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Hamari Traoré with a cross after corner.
77'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Jon Pacheco for Igor Zubeldia.
77'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. André Silva for Mikel Oyarzabal.
77'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Manuel Ugarte for Fabián Ruiz.
78'	Ander Barrenetxea - Real Sociedad - won a free kick in defence.
78'	Fouled by Achraf Hakimi - Paris Saint Germain
79'	New attacking attempt. Beñat Turrientes - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
80'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Warren Zaïre-Emery is in offside.
80'	Offside - Real Sociedad. Ander Barrenetxea is in offside.
82'	New attacking attempt. André Silva - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Javi Galán.
82'	Fouled by Ander Barrenetxea - Real Sociedad
82'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Randal Kolo Muani for Ousmane Dembélé.
83'	Substitution - Paris Saint Germain. Carlos Soler for Achraf Hakimi.
83'	Substitution - Real Sociedad. Jon Olasagasti for Martín Zubimendi.
84'	Fouled by Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad
84'	Kylian Mbappé - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Fouled by Takefusa Kubo - Real Sociedad
84'	Lucas Hernández - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Fouled by Hamari Traoré - Real Sociedad
86'	Lee Kang-In - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick on the left wing.
87'	Offside - Paris Saint Germain. Kylian Mbappé is in offside.
89'	Shot blocked. Jon Olasagasti - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Takefusa Kubo.
89'	Corner - Real Sociedad. Conceded by Nordi Mukiele.
89'	New attacking attempt. Beñat Turrientes - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Takefusa Kubo.
89'	Missed chance. Robin Le Normand - Real Sociedad - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed after corner.
89'	Goal! Real Sociedad 1, Paris Saint Germain 2. Mikel Merino - Real Sociedad - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner after corner.
90+2'	New attacking attempt. Vitinha - Paris Saint Germain - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kylian Mbappé.
90+2'	Corner - Paris Saint Germain. Conceded by Jon Pacheco.
90+3'	Fouled by André Silva - Real Sociedad
90+3'	Manuel Ugarte - Paris Saint Germain - won a free kick in defence.
90+3'	Second Half ended - Real Sociedad 1, Paris Saint Germain 2.
	Thats all. Game finished - Real Sociedad 1, Paris Saint Germain 2.
	First Half starts.
5'	Missed chance. Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist - Felipe Anderson.
6'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Thomas Müller.
8'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Leroy Sané.
8'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Mario Gila.
8'	Missed chance. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross after corner.
10'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Mattia Zaccagni.
10'	Fouled by Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München
10'	Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - won a free kick on the right wing.
11'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Joshua Kimmich.
12'	Shot blocked. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
13'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Felipe Anderson.
14'	New attacking attempt. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Joshua Kimmich.
14'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left after corner.
17'	Shot blocked. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leroy Sané.
17'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Mario Gila.
18'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
19'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
19'	Mattia Zaccagni - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
20'	Fouled by Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München
20'	Mattia Zaccagni - Lazio - won a free kick on the left wing.
21'	Felipe Anderson - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
21'	Fouled by Harry Kane - FC Bayern München
23'	Aleksandar Pavlovic - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
23'	Fouled by Matías Vecino - Lazio
24'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Thomas Müller.
24'	Shot blocked. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
25'	Fouled by Felipe Anderson - Lazio
25'	Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the left wing.
27'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
27'	Luis Alberto - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
31'	Fouled by Felipe Anderson - Lazio
31'	Thomas Müller - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
32'	Alessio Romagnoli - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
32'	Fouled by Aleksandar Pavlovic - FC Bayern München
33'	Delay in match - FC Bayern München
34'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
34'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Adam Marusic.
35'	Missed chance. Eric Dier - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assist - Joshua Kimmich with a cross.
37'	Missed chance. Ciro Immobile - Lazio - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is close, but missed.
38'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Leon Goretzka.
38'	Missed chance. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Thomas Müller with a head.
38'	Goal! FC Bayern München 1, Lazio 0. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro.
40'	Missed chance. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Leroy Sané.
43'	Hand ball by Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München
45+1'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Adam Marusic.
45+2'	Shot blocked. Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
45+2'	Goal! FC Bayern München 2, Lazio 0. Thomas Müller - FC Bayern München - shot with the head from few metres to the centre of the goal. Assist - Matthijs de Ligt after corner.
45+3'	First Half ended - FC Bayern München 2, Lazio 0.
45'	Second Half starts FC Bayern München 2, Lazio 0.
48'	Fouled by Joshua Kimmich - FC Bayern München
48'	Mattia Zaccagni - Lazio - won a free kick on the left wing.
52'	Shot blocked. Ciro Immobile - Lazio - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Adam Marusic with a cross.
52'	Delay in match - injury Ciro Immobile - Lazio
54'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
54'	Shot blocked. Jamal Musiala - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Raphaël Guerreiro.
55'	Corner - FC Bayern München. Conceded by Mattéo Guendouzi.
55'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
55'	Mattéo Guendouzi - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
56'	Felipe Anderson - Lazio - won a free kick in attack.
56'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
59'	Missed chance. Raphaël Guerreiro - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Harry Kane.
60'	Felipe Anderson - Lazio - won a free kick in defence.
60'	Fouled by Matthijs de Ligt - FC Bayern München
61'	Substitution - Lazio. Danilo Cataldi for Matías Vecino.
61'	Substitution - Lazio. Gustav Isaksen for Mattia Zaccagni - injury.
61'	Substitution - Lazio. Valentín Castellanos for Ciro Immobile - injury.
63'	Fouled by Valentín Castellanos - Lazio
63'	Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
66'	New attacking attempt. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Thomas Müller.
66'	Goal! FC Bayern München 3, Lazio 0. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner.
71'	New attacking attempt. Thomas Müller - FC Bayern München - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
72'	Missed chance. Leroy Sané - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
72'	Shot blocked. Luis Alberto - Lazio - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
72'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Aleksandar Pavlovic.
75'	Missed chance. Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - shot with left foot from the left side of the box goes high. Assist - Jamal Musiala.
75'	Substitution - Lazio. Pedro for Felipe Anderson.
76'	Fouled by Leon Goretzka - FC Bayern München
76'	Gustav Isaksen - Lazio - won a free kick on the right wing.
77'	Fouled by Mario Gila - Lazio
77'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
78'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Alphonso Davies for Raphaël Guerreiro.
78'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Mathys Tel for Thomas Müller.
79'	Fouled by Aleksandar Pavlovic - FC Bayern München
79'	Valentín Castellanos - Lazio - won a free kick in attack.
79'	Corner - Lazio. Conceded by Aleksandar Pavlovic.
80'	Substitution - Lazio. Daichi Kamada for Luis Alberto.
80'	Fouled by Alessio Romagnoli - Lazio
80'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
80'	Alessio Romagnoli - Lazio - receive yellow card for a foul.
87'	Fouled by Mathys Tel - FC Bayern München
87'	Mario Gila - Lazio - won a free kick in attack.
88'	Fouled by Danilo Cataldi - Lazio
88'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Danilo Cataldi - Lazio - receive yellow card for a foul.
89'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Konrad Laimer for Leroy Sané.
90'	Fouled by Alessio Romagnoli - Lazio
90'	Harry Kane - FC Bayern München - won a free kick in attack.
90+1'	Substitution - FC Bayern München. Serge Gnabry for Jamal Musiala.
90+1'	Fouled by Luca Pellegrini - Lazio
90+1'	Konrad Laimer - FC Bayern München - won a free kick on the right wing.
90+2'	Luca Pellegrini - Lazio - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+5'	Second Half ended - FC Bayern München 3, Lazio 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - FC Bayern München 3, Lazio 0.
	First Half starts.
5'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Dani Carvajal.
7'	Fouled by Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig
7'	Nacho - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
7'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
7'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
9'	Offside - RB Leipzig. Benjamin Sesko is in offside.
13'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Xavi Simons.
14'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the right wing.
14'	Fouled by Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid
15'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross .
15'	Shot blocked. Eduardo Camavinga - Real Madrid - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
16'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Dani Olmo following a fast break.
16'	Fouled by Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig
16'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
20'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
20'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
20'	Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
21'	Offside - Real Madrid. Federico Valverde is in offside.
26'	Shot blocked. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Federico Valverde.
26'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Willi Orbán.
31'	Fouled by Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid
31'	Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
36'	Fouled by Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig
36'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
39'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
39'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Aurélien Tchouaméni.
41'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - David Raum.
41'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Ferland Mendy.
42'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross after corner.
44'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Aurélien Tchouaméni with a cross.
45'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
45'	Fouled by Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig
45+1'	First Half ended - Real Madrid 0, RB Leipzig 0.
45'	Second Half starts Real Madrid 0, RB Leipzig 0.
45'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Rodrygo for Eduardo Camavinga.
46'	Fouled by Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig
46'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
46'	Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
46'	Fouled by Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig
48'	Fouled by Federico Valverde - Real Madrid
48'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
49'	Shot blocked. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
50'	Fouled by David Raum - RB Leipzig
50'	Rodrygo - Real Madrid - won a free kick on the right wing.
50'	David Raum - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
51'	Shot blocked. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Vinícius Júnior.
52'	Shot blocked. Dani Carvajal - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jude Bellingham.
52'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
52'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
54'	Fouled by Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid
54'	Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
54'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - receive yellow card.
56'	Fouled by Amadou Haidara - RB Leipzig
56'	Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
58'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
58'	Fouled by Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
58'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
58'	Fouled by Toni Kroos - Real Madrid
60'	Missed chance. Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Federico Valverde.
60'	Fouled by Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid
60'	Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
63'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Dani Carvajal.
63'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Péter Gulácsi.
65'	Fouled by Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid
65'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
65'	Goal! Real Madrid 1, RB Leipzig 0. Vinícius Júnior - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assist - Jude Bellingham following a fast break.
67'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
67'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Antonio Rüdiger.
67'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
67'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Vinícius Júnior.
68'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Xaver Schlager with a cross after corner.
68'	Goal! Real Madrid 1, RB Leipzig 1. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - David Raum with a cross.
70'	Delay in match - injury Ferland Mendy - Real Madrid
70'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
70'	Corner - Real Madrid. Conceded by Amadou Haidara.
71'	Missed chance. Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Rodrygo after corner.
71'	Fouled by Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig
71'	Jude Bellingham - Real Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
71'	Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
73'	Fouled by Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid
73'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
73'	Aurélien Tchouaméni - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
74'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Willi Orbán with a head.
74'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Loïs Openda.
74'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
74'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
75'	Fouled by Toni Kroos - Real Madrid
75'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
75'	Toni Kroos - Real Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
76'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
77'	Shot blocked. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs.
77'	Missed chance. Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left.
77'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Yussuf Poulsen for Loïs Openda.
78'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Luka Modric for Toni Kroos.
80'	New attacking attempt. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Amadou Haidara.
82'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Andriy Lunin.
82'	Missed chance. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
85'	Substitution - Real Madrid. Joselu for Jude Bellingham.
85'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Christoph Baumgartner for Benjamin Sesko.
85'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Eljif Elmas for Xaver Schlager.
86'	Antonio Rüdiger - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
86'	Fouled by Christoph Baumgartner - RB Leipzig
87'	Shot blocked. Joselu - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Rodrygo with a cross.
89'	New attacking attempt. Rodrygo - Real Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joselu.
89'	Federico Valverde - Real Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Fouled by Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig
90'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Kevin Kampl for Amadou Haidara.
90+1'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Ferland Mendy.
90+2'	Dani Olmo - RB Leipzig - hits the bar with a shot with right foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Christoph Baumgartner with a head.
90+2'	Eljif Elmas - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
90+2'	Fouled by Joselu - Real Madrid
90+3'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Joselu.
90+3'	Shot blocked. Willi Orbán - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross.
90+3'	Hand ball by David Raum - RB Leipzig
90+5'	Second Half ended - Real Madrid 1, RB Leipzig 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Real Madrid 1, RB Leipzig 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Offside - FC Copenhagen. Elias Achouri is in offside.
4'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Elias Jelert.
5'	Goal! Manchester City 1, FC Copenhagen 0. Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assist - Julián Álvarez with a cross after corner.
9'	Shot blocked. Oscar Bobb - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Josko Gvardiol.
9'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Denis Vavro.
9'	Rodri - Manchester City - hits the bar with a shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box. Assist - Julián Álvarez with a cross after corner.
9'	Goal! Manchester City 2, FC Copenhagen 0. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from a diffucult position and long distance on the left to the top left corner after corner.
13'	Delay in match - injury Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City
13'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
15'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by Rodri.
16'	Missed chance. William Clem - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high after corner.
20'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Oscar Bobb.
20'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Kevin Diks.
21'	Corner - Manchester City. Conceded by Victor Froholdt.
21'	Elias Jelert - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in defence.
21'	Fouled by Rúben Dias - Manchester City
27'	Offside - FC Copenhagen. Orri Óskarsson is in offside.
29'	Goal! Manchester City 2, FC Copenhagen 1. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Orri Óskarsson following a fast break.
31'	Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in attack.
31'	Fouled by Erling Haaland - Manchester City
32'	Shot blocked. Elias Achouri - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Peter Ankersen.
32'	Shot blocked. Denis Vavro - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
33'	Offside - FC Copenhagen. Elias Achouri is in offside.
34'	Shot blocked. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
36'	Fouled by Scott McKenna - FC Copenhagen
36'	Oscar Bobb - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Elias Jelert - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in defence.
38'	Fouled by Rico Lewis - Manchester City
40'	Shot blocked. Julián Álvarez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Erling Haaland.
42'	Offside - FC Copenhagen. Elias Achouri is in offside.
43'	Fouled by Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen
43'	Matheus Nunes - Manchester City - won a free kick in attack.
45'	Offside - Manchester City. Matheus Nunes is in offside.
45+1'	Fouled by Rodri - Manchester City
45+1'	Kevin Diks - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in defence.
45+3'	Goal! Manchester City 3, FC Copenhagen 1. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Rodri.
45+3'	First Half ended - Manchester City 3, FC Copenhagen 1.
45'	Second Half starts Manchester City 3, FC Copenhagen 1.
45'	Substitution - Manchester City. Sergio Gómez for Rodri.
50'	Shot blocked. Erling Haaland - Manchester City - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Mateo Kovacic.
53'	Fouled by William Clem - FC Copenhagen
53'	Mateo Kovacic - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
54'	Fouled by Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen
54'	Rico Lewis - Manchester City - won a free kick on the right wing.
55'	Shot blocked. Sergio Gómez - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
58'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Roony Bardghji for Elias Achouri.
58'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Magnus Mattsson for Victor Froholdt.
64'	Delay in match - Manchester City
64'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
64'	Fouled by Elias Jelert - FC Copenhagen
64'	Matheus Nunes - Manchester City - won a free kick on the right wing.
66'	New attacking attempt. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Roony Bardghji.
68'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by Rúben Dias.
68'	Substitution - Manchester City. John Stones for Rúben Dias.
69'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Oscar Højlund for William Clem.
69'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Andreas Cornelius for Orri Óskarsson.
72'	Delay in match - injury Matheus Nunes - Manchester City
74'	Substitution - Manchester City. Micah Hamilton for Matheus Nunes - injury.
74'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
76'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by Manuel Akanji.
76'	Missed chance. Scott McKenna - FC Copenhagen - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box missed to the left. Assist - Mohamed Elyounoussi with a head after corner.
78'	Shot blocked. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Andreas Cornelius.
78'	Corner - FC Copenhagen. Conceded by John Stones.
78'	Substitution - FC Copenhagen. Birger Meling for Elias Jelert.
79'	Missed chance. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Roony Bardghji after corner.
79'	Fouled by Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen
79'	Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
83'	Shot blocked. Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Andreas Cornelius.
83'	Fouled by Andreas Cornelius - FC Copenhagen
83'	Manuel Akanji - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Andreas Cornelius - FC Copenhagen - receive yellow card for a foul.
88'	Substitution - Manchester City. Jacob Wright for Erling Haaland.
89'	Fouled by Birger Meling - FC Copenhagen
89'	Rico Lewis - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Missed chance. Peter Ankersen - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from a diffucult position and long distance on the right missed to the left. Assist - Roony Bardghji.
90'	Fouled by Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen
90'	Rico Lewis - Manchester City - won a free kick in defence.
90'	Magnus Mattsson - FC Copenhagen - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+1'	Shot blocked. Micah Hamilton - Manchester City - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julián Álvarez.
90+1'	Fouled by Micah Hamilton - Manchester City
90+1'	Peter Ankersen - FC Copenhagen - won a free kick in defence.
90+2'	Shot blocked. Rico Lewis - Manchester City - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Julián Álvarez.
90+3'	Missed chance. Mohamed Elyounoussi - FC Copenhagen - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Birger Meling following a fast break.
90+3'	Second Half ended - Manchester City 3, FC Copenhagen 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Manchester City 3, FC Copenhagen 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Fermín López.
4'	New attacking attempt. Victor Osimhen - Napoli - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Matteo Politano with a through ball.
6'	Fouled by Andreas Christensen - Barcelona
6'	Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
7'	Offside - Napoli. Matteo Politano is in offside.
9'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
10'	Fouled by Jules Koundé - Barcelona
10'	Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
13'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Pau Cubarsí.
14'	Shot blocked. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
14'	Fermín López - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
14'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
15'	Goal! Barcelona 1, Napoli 0. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Raphinha.
17'	Raphinha - Barcelona - hits the right post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Lamine Yamal following a fast break.
17'	Goal! Barcelona 2, Napoli 0. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal following a fast break.
18'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
19'	Delay in match - injury Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli
19'	Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
21'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
21'	Fouled by Amir Rrahmani - Napoli
21'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
25'	Fouled by Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli
25'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
25'	Missed chance. João Cancelo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Fermín López.
27'	Fouled by Lamine Yamal - Barcelona
27'	Mário Rui - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
28'	Shot blocked. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
30'	Goal! Barcelona 2, Napoli 1. Amir Rrahmani - Napoli - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Matteo Politano.
32'	Fermín López - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
32'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
34'	New attacking attempt. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Mário Rui.
34'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Marc-André ter Stegen.
35'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Victor Osimhen after corner.
36'	Missed chance. Fermín López - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Jules Koundé.
37'	New attacking attempt. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
39'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
39'	Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
40'	Missed chance. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Lamine Yamal.
40'	Fouled by Lamine Yamal - Barcelona
40'	Mário Rui - Napoli - won a free kick in defence.
43'	Offside - Napoli. Victor Osimhen is in offside.
44'	Fouled by Lamine Yamal - Barcelona
44'	Mário Rui - Napoli - won a free kick on the left wing.
44'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - receive yellow card for a foul.
45'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Giovanni Di Lorenzo.
45+2'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
45+2'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
45+2'	Juan Jesus - Napoli - receive yellow card for a foul.
45+3'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Juan Jesus.
45+4'	Shot blocked. Pau Cubarsí - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Ronald Araujo with a head.
45+4'	Shot blocked. Andreas Christensen - Barcelona - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
45+4'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
45+4'	Raphinha - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
45+4'	First Half ended - Barcelona 2, Napoli 1.
45'	Second Half starts Barcelona 2, Napoli 1.
47'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Hamed Traorè.
49'	Shot blocked. Matteo Politano - Napoli - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Hamed Traorè.
50'	Corner - Napoli. Conceded by Pau Cubarsí.
51'	Missed chance. Giovanni Di Lorenzo - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia with a cross after corner.
53'	Fouled by Mário Rui - Napoli
53'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
53'	Fouled by João Cancelo - Barcelona
53'	Matteo Politano - Napoli - won a free kick on the right wing.
55'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - João Cancelo.
60'	Fouled by Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli
60'	Raphinha - Barcelona - won a free kick on the left wing.
60'	Delay in match - injury Frank Anguissa - Napoli
60'	Substitution - Barcelona. Sergi Roberto for Fermín López.
61'	Substitution - Barcelona. Oriol Romeu for Andreas Christensen.
61'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
63'	Shot blocked. Frank Anguissa - Napoli - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Victor Osimhen.
63'	Fouled by Hamed Traorè - Napoli
63'	João Cancelo - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
63'	Hamed Traorè - Napoli - receive yellow card for a foul.
64'	Substitution - Napoli. Mathías Olivera for Mário Rui.
64'	Substitution - Napoli. Jesper Lindstrøm for Matteo Politano.
65'	Fouled by Juan Jesus - Napoli
65'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
66'	Fouled by Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli
66'	Jules Koundé - Barcelona - won a free kick in defence.
67'	Fouled by Mathías Olivera - Napoli
67'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
67'	Mathías Olivera - Napoli - receive yellow card for a foul.
67'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the right corner.
67'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Alex Meret.
68'	New attacking attempt. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan with a cross.
68'	Missed chance. Sergi Roberto - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed after corner.
68'	New attacking attempt. Ronald Araujo - Barcelona - shot with right foot from few metres is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Sergi Roberto.
68'	Offside - Barcelona. Lamine Yamal is in offside.
69'	Shot blocked. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Raphinha.
71'	Fouled by Frank Anguissa - Napoli
71'	Raphinha - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
73'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right missed to the left.
73'	New attacking attempt. Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Sergi Roberto with a head.
74'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Amir Rrahmani.
77'	New attacking attempt. Raphinha - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Robert Lewandowski.
78'	Missed chance. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
78'	Substitution - Napoli. Giacomo Raspadori for Hamed Traorè.
80'	Missed chance. Jesper Lindstrøm - Napoli - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Mathías Olivera with a cross.
81'	Substitution - Barcelona. João Félix for Raphinha.
81'	Fouled by Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli
81'	Ilkay Gündogan - Barcelona - won a free kick in attack.
83'	Goal! Barcelona 3, Napoli 1. Robert Lewandowski - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Sergi Roberto.
85'	Fouled by Mathías Olivera - Napoli
85'	Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - won a free kick on the right wing.
86'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Amir Rrahmani.
86'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Giovanni Di Lorenzo.
87'	Corner - Barcelona. Conceded by Victor Osimhen.
88'	Fouled by Sergi Roberto - Barcelona
88'	Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli - won a free kick in attack.
89'	Mathías Olivera - Napoli - hits the bar with a shot with left foot from the left side of the box. Assist - Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
90+2'	Missed chance. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
90+3'	Substitution - Napoli. Cyril Ngonge for Khvicha Kvaratskhelia.
90+3'	New attacking attempt. Lamine Yamal - Barcelona - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ilkay Gündogan.
90+3'	Missed chance. Stanislav Lobotka - Napoli - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Frank Anguissa.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Barcelona 3, Napoli 1.
	Thats all. Game finished - Barcelona 3, Napoli 1.
	First Half starts.
1'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
1'	Otávio - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
3'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
3'	Jorginho - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
4'	Missed chance. Ben White - Arsenal - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is very close to the goal.
7'	Hand ball by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
11'	Missed chance. Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Leandro Trossard.
12'	Fouled by Declan Rice - Arsenal
12'	João Mário - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
13'	New attacking attempt. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Ben White.
13'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Otávio.
14'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Bukayo Saka after corner.
15'	Missed chance. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross.
16'	Missed chance. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed.
18'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
18'	Jorginho - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
20'	Offside - Arsenal. Gabriel Magalhães is in offside.
20'	Fouled by João Mário - FC Porto
20'	Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
21'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
21'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
22'	New attacking attempt. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - João Mário with a cross.
23'	Shot blocked. Wendell - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nico González.
23'	Shot blocked. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assist - Francisco Conceição.
26'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
26'	William Saliba - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
27'	Missed chance. Declan Rice - Arsenal - header inside of six yard box - left side missed to the left. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross.
29'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Pepe.
31'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
31'	Fouled by Nico González - FC Porto
32'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Wendell.
35'	Offside - FC Porto. Galeno is in offside.
39'	Fouled by William Saliba - Arsenal
39'	Galeno - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
39'	William Saliba - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
41'	Goal! Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0. Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the left side of the box to the right corner. Assist - Martin Ødegaard with a through ball.
43'	Missed chance. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box missed. Assist - Pepê Aquino.
44'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
44'	Nico González - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	Delay in match - injury Pepê Aquino - FC Porto
45+3'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45+3'	Fouled by Alan Varela - FC Porto
45+3'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
45+4'	First Half ended - Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
45'	Second Half starts Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
47'	Fouled by Nico González - FC Porto
47'	Jorginho - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
48'	Missed chance. Evanilson - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right.
49'	Delay in match - injury Evanilson - FC Porto
50'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
54'	Fouled by Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
54'	Leandro Trossard - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
55'	Fouled by Wendell - FC Porto
55'	Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
57'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Pepê Aquino.
58'	Shot blocked. Declan Rice - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Kai Havertz.
58'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by João Mário.
60'	Offside - Arsenal. Bukayo Saka is in offside.
61'	Fouled by Evanilson - FC Porto
61'	Jorginho - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
62'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
62'	João Mário - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
63'	Fouled by Jakub Kiwior - Arsenal
63'	Galeno - FC Porto - won a free kick in attack.
64'	Missed chance. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left from a free kick.
66'	Fouled by Bukayo Saka - Arsenal
66'	Galeno - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
67'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
67'	Pepe - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
70'	New attacking attempt. Francisco Conceição - FC Porto - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Nico González.
70'	Offside - FC Porto. Evanilson is in offside.
72'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
72'	Nico González - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
72'	Fouled by Pepe - FC Porto
72'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick on the left wing.
73'	Pepe - FC Porto - receive yellow card for a foul.
74'	Missed chance. William Saliba - Arsenal - shot with the head from the centre of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Leandro Trossard with a cross .
75'	Delay in match - injury Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
75'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
76'	Evanilson - FC Porto - won a free kick on the right wing.
76'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
79'	Fouled by Jorginho - Arsenal
79'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
80'	Declan Rice - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
80'	Fouled by Francisco Conceição - FC Porto
81'	Offside - Arsenal. Kai Havertz is in offside.
83'	Substitution - Arsenal. Gabriel Jesus for Jorginho.
83'	New attacking attempt. Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Bukayo Saka.
83'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Diogo Costa.
84'	Fouled by Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal
84'	Nico González - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
85'	New attacking attempt. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Martin Ødegaard.
85'	Missed chance. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed.
86'	Substitution - FC Porto. Jorge Sánchez for João Mário.
87'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Alan Varela.
88'	Substitution - FC Porto. Mehdi Taremi for Evanilson.
89'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Fouled by Galeno - FC Porto
89'	Fouled by Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal
89'	Mehdi Taremi - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
90+1'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Alan Varela.
90+4'	Delay in match - injury Alan Varela - FC Porto
90+7'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
90+7'	Substitution - FC Porto. Marko Grujic for Alan Varela - injury.
90+7'	Offside - FC Porto. Mehdi Taremi is in offside.
90+8'	Second Half ended - Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
90'	First Half Extra Time begins Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
94'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
94'	Fouled by Otávio - FC Porto
97'	Corner - Arsenal. Conceded by Marko Grujic.
99'	Fouled by Marko Grujic - FC Porto
99'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in attack.
101'	Missed chance. Mehdi Taremi - FC Porto - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assist - Jorge Sánchez.
101'	Substitution - FC Porto. Stephen Eustáquio for Nico González.
101'	Substitution - FC Porto. Gonçalo Borges for Francisco Conceição.
105+1'	First Half Extra Time ends, Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
105'	Second Half Extra Time begins Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
105'	Substitution - Arsenal. Eddie Nketiah for Leandro Trossard.
105'	Substitution - Arsenal. Oleksandr Zinchenko for Jakub Kiwior.
108'	Corner - FC Porto. Conceded by Oleksandr Zinchenko.
110'	Shot blocked. Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Eddie Nketiah.
112'	Fouled by Eddie Nketiah - Arsenal
112'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
113'	Ben White - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
113'	Fouled by Galeno - FC Porto
114'	Fouled by Gabriel Jesus - Arsenal
114'	Gonçalo Borges - FC Porto - won a free kick on the right wing.
115'	New attacking attempt. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
115'	Fouled by Marko Grujic - FC Porto
115'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
116'	Fouled by Kai Havertz - Arsenal
116'	Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - won a free kick in defence.
116'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - receive yellow card for a foul.
117'	Fouled by Mehdi Taremi - FC Porto
117'	Gabriel Magalhães - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
119'	Fouled by Marko Grujic - FC Porto
119'	Kai Havertz - Arsenal - won a free kick in defence.
120'	Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - won a free kick on the right wing.
120'	Fouled by Stephen Eustáquio - FC Porto
120'	Second Half Extra Time ends, Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
120'	Penalty Shootout begins Arsenal 1, FC Porto 0.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 1 - , FC Porto 0. Martin Ødegaard - Arsenal - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the right corner.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 1 - , FC Porto 0 - 1 Pepê Aquino - FC Porto - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 2 - , FC Porto 0 - 1 Kai Havertz - Arsenal - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the right corner.
120'	Penalty saved. Wendell - FC Porto - shot with left foot saved in the right corner.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 3 - , FC Porto 0 - 1 Bukayo Saka - Arsenal - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the left corner.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 3 - , FC Porto 0 - 2 Marko Grujic - FC Porto - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the right corner.
120'	Goal! Arsenal 1 - 4 - , FC Porto 0 - 2 Declan Rice - Arsenal - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the centre of the goal.
120'	Penalty saved. Galeno - FC Porto - shot with right foot saved in the right corner.
120'	Penalty Shootout ends, Arsenal 1 - 4 - , FC Porto 0 - 2
	Thats all. Game finished - Arsenal 1 - 4 - , FC Porto 0 - 2
	First Half starts.
2'	New attacking attempt. Ian Maatsen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
2'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Walter Benítez.
2'	Shot blocked. Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Julian Brandt with a cross.
3'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 1, PSV Eindhoven 0. Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from outside the box to the left corner. Assist - Julian Brandt.
5'	Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
5'	Fouled by Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven
7'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Olivier Boscagli.
7'	Shot blocked. Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Jadon Sancho with a cross.
8'	Delay in match - Borussia Dortmund
8'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
10'	Delay in match - Borussia Dortmund
10'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
10'	Fouled by Guus Til - PSV Eindhoven
10'	Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
11'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box missed. Assist - Donyell Malen.
12'	Missed chance. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Niklas Süle with a cross.
16'	New attacking attempt. Julian Brandt - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Donyell Malen.
16'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner.
16'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Walter Benítez.
20'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Johan Bakayoko.
23'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Niklas Süle.
24'	Offside - PSV Eindhoven. Malik Tillman is in offside.
26'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box missed to the left. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
27'	Missed chance. Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Joey Veerman.
31'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Joey Veerman.
34'	New attacking attempt. Guus Til - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Luuk de Jong.
40'	Missed chance. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Marcel Sabitzer.
42'	Missed chance. Olivier Boscagli - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Johan Bakayoko.
43'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Mauro Júnior.
45'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Niklas Süle.
45+1'	First Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 1, PSV Eindhoven 0.
45'	Second Half starts Borussia Dortmund 1, PSV Eindhoven 0.
45'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Hirving Lozano for Guus Til.
47'	Fouled by Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund
47'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick on the left wing.
48'	Fouled by Mats Hummels - Borussia Dortmund
48'	Malik Tillman - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in attack.
48'	New attacking attempt. Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Jadon Sancho.
49'	New attacking attempt. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Johan Bakayoko with a cross.
50'	Fouled by Mauro Júnior - PSV Eindhoven
50'	Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
53'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from outside the box. Assist - Sergiño Dest.
56'	New attacking attempt. Jordan Teze - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Johan Bakayoko with a through ball.
56'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Gregor Kobel.
57'	Donyell Malen - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
57'	Fouled by Jerdy Schouten - PSV Eindhoven
58'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Felix Nmecha for Julian Brandt.
61'	Hand ball by Salih Özcan - Borussia Dortmund
62'	Missed chance. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Mauro Júnior.
64'	New attacking attempt. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Donyell Malen.
65'	Emre Can - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
65'	Fouled by Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven
68'	Shot blocked. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist - Jordan Teze.
69'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Joey Veerman with a cross.
70'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Karim Adeyemi for Donyell Malen.
71'	New attacking attempt. Johan Bakayoko - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner.
71'	Corner - PSV Eindhoven. Conceded by Gregor Kobel.
71'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - header inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Jordan Teze with a cross after corner.
73'	Delay in match - injury Jadon Sancho - Borussia Dortmund
74'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
75'	Substitution - Borussia Dortmund. Marco Reus for Jadon Sancho - injury.
76'	Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick in defence.
76'	Fouled by Mauro Júnior - PSV Eindhoven
76'	Fouled by Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven
76'	Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the right wing.
77'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Niclas Füllkrug is in offside.
77'	GOAL OVERTURNED BY VAR: Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - scores but the goal is ruled out after a VAR review.
78'	VAR Decision: No Goal Borussia Dortmund 1-0 PSV Eindhoven.
79'	Offside - PSV Eindhoven. Hirving Lozano is in offside.
80'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Karim Adeyemi.
80'	Shot blocked. Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked.
80'	Corner - Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Jordan Teze.
81'	Fouled by Niclas Füllkrug - Borussia Dortmund
81'	Walter Benítez - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
82'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Ricardo Pepi for Joey Veerman.
82'	Fouled by Karim Adeyemi - Borussia Dortmund
83'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
85'	New attacking attempt. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left is saved in the left corner.
86'	Fouled by Mauro Júnior - PSV Eindhoven
86'	Marcel Sabitzer - Borussia Dortmund - won a free kick on the left wing.
86'	Substitution - PSV Eindhoven. Isaac Babadi for Mauro Júnior.
88'	Fouled by Niklas Süle - Borussia Dortmund
88'	Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick on the left wing.
88'	Niklas Süle - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
89'	Fouled by Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund
89'	Sergiño Dest - PSV Eindhoven - won a free kick in defence.
89'	Felix Nmecha - Borussia Dortmund - receive yellow card for a foul.
90'	Missed chance. Jordan Teze - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
90+3'	Offside - Borussia Dortmund. Niclas Füllkrug is in offside.
90+4'	New attacking attempt. Hirving Lozano - PSV Eindhoven - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Sergiño Dest.
90+4'	Missed chance. Luuk de Jong - PSV Eindhoven - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Jordan Teze with a through ball.
90+5'	Goal! Borussia Dortmund 2, PSV Eindhoven 0. Marco Reus - Borussia Dortmund - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Niclas Füllkrug with a head.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Borussia Dortmund 2, PSV Eindhoven 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - Borussia Dortmund 2, PSV Eindhoven 0.
	First Half starts.
3'	Hand ball by Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan
4'	New attacking attempt. Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
5'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo De Paul.
7'	Alessandro Bastoni - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the left wing.
7'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
12'	Fouled by Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid
12'	Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
13'	New attacking attempt. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu.
13'	New attacking attempt. Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner.
15'	Fouled by Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid
15'	Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
18'	New attacking attempt. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
19'	Federico Dimarco - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
19'	Fouled by Nahuel Molina - Atletico Madrid
22'	Missed chance. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Koke.
27'	Hand ball by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
28'	New attacking attempt. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Mario Hermoso with a cross.
30'	Missed chance. Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Koke.
33'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 0, Inter Milan 1. Federico Dimarco - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
35'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 1, Inter Milan 1. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box to the left corner.
38'	Fouled by Benjamin Pavard - Inter Milan
38'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
38'	Missed chance. Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Antoine Griezmann .
38'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
38'	Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
40'	Fouled by Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan
40'	Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Fouled by Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid
41'	Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
41'	Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
43'	Shot blocked. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
43'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Benjamin Pavard.
45'	Fouled by Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid
45'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan
45+1'	Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
45+1'	First Half ended - Atletico Madrid 1, Inter Milan 1.
45'	Second Half starts Atletico Madrid 1, Inter Milan 1.
46'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
46'	Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
50'	Fouled by Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
50'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
50'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Nicolò Barella.
52'	New attacking attempt. Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
53'	Missed chance. Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left.
54'	Fouled by Antoine Griezmann - Atletico Madrid
54'	Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
55'	Missed chance. Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
57'	Fouled by Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan
57'	Samuel Lino - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
58'	Shot blocked. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
59'	Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
59'	Fouled by Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan
60'	Missed chance. Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Marcos Llorente with a cross.
60'	Fouled by Denzel Dumfries - Inter Milan
60'	Mario Hermoso - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
63'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
63'	Henrikh Mkhitaryan - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
71'	Fouled by Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan
71'	Rodrigo De Paul - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
71'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Ángel Correa for Rodrigo De Paul.
71'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Rodrigo Riquelme for Samuel Lino.
72'	Fouled by Álvaro Morata - Atletico Madrid
72'	Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
73'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Francesco Acerbi for Alessandro Bastoni.
73'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Matteo Darmian for Denzel Dumfries.
74'	Fouled by Axel Witsel - Atletico Madrid
74'	Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
75'	Shot blocked. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Marcos Llorente.
75'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Benjamin Pavard.
76'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box goes high. Assist - Lautaro Martínez with a through ball following a fast break.
78'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
78'	Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
79'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Pablo Barrios for Nahuel Molina.
79'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Memphis Depay for Álvaro Morata.
79'	Missed chance. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Pablo Barrios with a cross.
81'	Shot blocked. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from few metres is blocked.
81'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Francesco Acerbi.
81'	New attacking attempt. Nicolò Barella - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Lautaro Martínez.
82'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Benjamin Pavard.
84'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Davide Frattesi for Nicolò Barella - injury.
84'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Yann Bisseck for Federico Dimarco.
85'	Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - hits the left post with a shot with right foot from the centre of the box. Assist - Koke.
87'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the left corner. Assist - Koke with a through ball.
89'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner.
89'	Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
89'	Fouled by Koke - Atletico Madrid
90'	Koke - Atletico Madrid - receive yellow card for a foul.
90'	Fouled by Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan
90'	Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
90+3'	Missed chance. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Antoine Griezmann.
90+4'	Second Half ended - Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
90'	First Half Extra Time begins Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
93'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
93'	Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
94'	Missed chance. Marcus Thuram - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Yann Bisseck with a cross.
97'	New attacking attempt. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Rodrigo Riquelme.
97'	Corner - Inter Milan. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
98'	Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - hits the right post with a shot with the head from few metres. Assist - Hakan Çalhanoglu with a cross after corner.
99'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. César Azpilicueta for Marcos Llorente.
101'	Delay in match - injury Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan
102'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Alexis Sánchez for Marcus Thuram.
103'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
103'	Fouled by Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid
103'	Francesco Acerbi - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
103'	Missed chance. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Alexis Sánchez with a cross.
104'	Fouled by Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan
104'	Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
104'	Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
105'	Shot blocked. Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked.
105'	Delay in match - injury Stefan de Vrij - Inter Milan
105+1'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
105+1'	Fouled by Yann Bisseck - Inter Milan
105+1'	Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick on the left wing.
105+2'	Fouled by Francesco Acerbi - Inter Milan
105+2'	Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
105+2'	Francesco Acerbi - Inter Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
105+2'	New attacking attempt. Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Memphis Depay.
105+3'	Fouled by Francesco Acerbi - Inter Milan
105+3'	Koke - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in defence.
105+3'	First Half Extra Time ends, Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
105'	Second Half Extra Time begins Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
105'	Substitution - Atletico Madrid. Saúl Ñíguez for Antoine Griezmann - injury.
109'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Benjamin Pavard.
109'	Shot blocked. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
111'	Fouled by Saúl Ñíguez - Atletico Madrid
111'	Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - won a free kick in defence.
111'	Substitution - Inter Milan. Davy Klaassen for Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
112'	Alexis Sánchez - Inter Milan - won a free kick in attack.
112'	Fouled by Saúl Ñíguez - Atletico Madrid
113'	Missed chance. Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high from a free kick.
115'	Delay in match - Inter Milan
115'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
117'	Shot blocked. Davide Frattesi - Inter Milan - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is blocked. Assist - Alexis Sánchez.
118'	Fouled by Yann Bisseck - Inter Milan
118'	Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - won a free kick in attack.
118'	Yann Bisseck - Inter Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
119'	Fouled by Stefan Savic - Atletico Madrid
119'	Matteo Darmian - Inter Milan - won a free kick on the left wing.
120'	Shot blocked. Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assist - Memphis Depay.
120'	Corner - Atletico Madrid. Conceded by Yann Bisseck.
120'	Second Half Extra Time ends, Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
120'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1 - 1 Hakan Çalhanoglu - Inter Milan - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the top left corner.
120'	Penalty Shootout begins Atletico Madrid 2, Inter Milan 1.
120'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2 - 1 - , Inter Milan 1 - 1 Memphis Depay - Atletico Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the high centre of the goal.
120'	Penalty saved. Alexis Sánchez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot saved in the top centre of the goal.
120'	Penalty saved. Saúl Ñíguez - Atletico Madrid - shot with left foot saved in the centre of the goal.
120'	Penalty saved. Davy Klaassen - Inter Milan - shot with right foot saved in the left corner.
120'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2 - 2 - , Inter Milan 1 - 1 Rodrigo Riquelme - Atletico Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the left corner.
120'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2 - 2 - , Inter Milan 1 - 2 Francesco Acerbi - Inter Milan - converts the penalty with a shot with left foot to the centre of the goal.
120'	Goal! Atletico Madrid 2 - 3 - , Inter Milan 1 - 2 Ángel Correa - Atletico Madrid - converts the penalty with a shot with right foot to the top left corner.
120'	Penalty missed. Lautaro Martínez - Inter Milan - shot with right foot is high and wide to the right.
120'	Penalty Shootout ends, Atletico Madrid 2 - 3 - , Inter Milan 1 - 2
	Thats all. Game finished - Atletico Madrid 2 - 3 - , Inter Milan 1 - 2
	First Half starts.
1'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Xavi Simons.
2'	Missed chance. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Loïs Openda.
2'	Fouled by Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig
2'	Ulisses Garcia - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
2'	New attacking attempt. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
2'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Anthony Racioppi.
3'	Goal! Young Boys 0, RB Leipzig 1. Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from few metres to the right corner. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
5'	Fouled by Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys
5'	Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
5'	Fouled by Mohamed Ali Camara - Young Boys
5'	Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
6'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the right wing.
6'	Fouled by Cedric Itten - Young Boys
8'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Aurèle Amenda.
11'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Aurèle Amenda.
12'	Missed chance. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed. Assist - Xavi Simons with a cross after corner.
13'	Missed chance. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Kevin Kampl following a fast break.
13'	Shot blocked. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
15'	Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
15'	Fouled by Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig
16'	Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys - won a free kick in attack.
16'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
19'	Corner - Young Boys. Conceded by Castello Lukeba.
20'	Missed chance. Ulisses Garcia - Young Boys - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is close, but missed. Assist - Filip Ugrinic after corner.
22'	Cedric Itten - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
22'	Fouled by Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig
24'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
24'	Fouled by Cedric Itten - Young Boys
25'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Filip Ugrinic.
27'	Delay in match - injury Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig
28'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
29'	Missed chance. Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box goes high. Assist - Xavi Simons.
32'	Missed chance. Sandro Lauper - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Saidy Janko.
33'	Goal! Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 1. Meschack Elia - Young Boys - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Filip Ugrinic.
38'	Shot blocked. Filip Ugrinic - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Sandro Lauper.
38'	Corner - Young Boys. Conceded by Xaver Schlager.
41'	Offside - Young Boys. Anthony Racioppi with a pass, however Meschack Elia is in offside.
45'	Fouled by Loris Benito - Young Boys
45'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
45'	Loris Benito - Young Boys - receive yellow card for a foul.
45'	Delay in match - injury Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig
45+1'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45+3'	First Half ended - Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 1.
45'	Second Half starts Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 1.
46'	Hand ball by Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig
48'	New attacking attempt. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
48'	New attacking attempt. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal.
48'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked.
48'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Mohamed Ali Camara.
49'	Missed chance. Yussuf Poulsen - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box is high and wide to the left. Assist - David Raum with a cross after corner.
50'	Missed chance. Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Kevin Kampl.
51'	Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
51'	Fouled by Kevin Kampl - RB Leipzig
53'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - has gone down, but the referee deems it simulation.
54'	VAR Decision: No Penalty RB Leipzig.
55'	Kevin Kampl - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card.
58'	Offside - RB Leipzig. Xaver Schlager with a pass, however Loïs Openda is in offside.
59'	Filip Ugrinic - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
59'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
60'	Shot blocked. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xaver Schlager.
60'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Loris Benito.
61'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
61'	Fouled by Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys
61'	Fouled by Sandro Lauper - Young Boys
61'	Kevin Kampl - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the left wing.
61'	Sandro Lauper - Young Boys - receive yellow card for a foul.
62'	New attacking attempt. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with the head from few metres is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - David Raum with a cross.
62'	Hand ball by Castello Lukeba - RB Leipzig
64'	Offside - Young Boys. Mohamed Ali Camara with a pass, however Meschack Elia is in offside.
64'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Benjamin Sesko for Yussuf Poulsen.
65'	Shot blocked. Cedric Itten - Young Boys - shot with right foot inside of six yard box - left side is blocked. Assist - Meschack Elia with a cross.
65'	Hand ball by Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig
66'	Missed chance. Meschack Elia - Young Boys - shot with right foot from outside the box is close, but missed to the left.
66'	Fouled by Cheikh Niasse - Young Boys
66'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the left wing.
67'	Offside - RB Leipzig. David Raum with a pass, however Benjamin Sesko is in offside.
67'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card.
69'	Benjamin Henrichs - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
69'	Fouled by Ulisses Garcia - Young Boys
69'	Substitution - Young Boys. Lewin Blum for Saidy Janko.
70'	Substitution - Young Boys. Silvere Ganvoula for Cedric Itten.
72'	Shot blocked. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Emil Forsberg.
72'	New attacking attempt. Silvere Ganvoula - Young Boys - shot with right foot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist - Meschack Elia.
72'	Offside - Young Boys. Silvere Ganvoula with a pass, however Meschack Elia is in offside.
73'	New attacking attempt. Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Kevin Kampl.
73'	Corner - RB Leipzig. Conceded by Anthony Racioppi.
73'	Goal! Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 2. Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from outside the box to the right corner. Assist - Kevin Kampl after corner.
75'	Shot blocked. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Xavi Simons.
75'	Missed chance. Loïs Openda - RB Leipzig - shot with left foot from the centre of the box missed to the left.
76'	Fouled by Lewin Blum - Young Boys
76'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in attack.
77'	Lewin Blum - Young Boys - receive yellow card for a foul.
77'	Substitution - Young Boys. Darian Males for Sandro Lauper.
77'	Substitution - Young Boys. Noah Persson for Ulisses Garcia.
79'	Darian Males - Young Boys - won a free kick in attack.
79'	Fouled by Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig
80'	Emil Forsberg - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card.
80'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Christoph Baumgartner for Emil Forsberg.
82'	Corner - Young Boys. Conceded by Mohamed Simakan.
83'	Fouled by Lewin Blum - Young Boys
83'	Xavi Simons - RB Leipzig - won a free kick in defence.
84'	Fouled by Xaver Schlager - RB Leipzig
84'	Meschack Elia - Young Boys - won a free kick in defence.
85'	Substitution - Young Boys. Jean-Pierre Nsame for Cheikh Niasse.
87'	Offside - RB Leipzig. David Raum with a pass, however Benjamin Sesko is in offside.
88'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Christopher Lenz for Loïs Openda.
88'	Substitution - RB Leipzig. Timo Werner for Xavi Simons.
90'	Fouled by Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig
90'	Meschack Elia - Young Boys - won a free kick on the left wing.
90'	Mohamed Simakan - RB Leipzig - receive yellow card for a foul.
90+1'	New attacking attempt. Aurèle Amenda - Young Boys - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Noah Persson with a cross.
90+1'	Christoph Baumgartner - RB Leipzig - won a free kick on the left wing.
90+1'	Fouled by Aurèle Amenda - Young Boys
90+2'	Goal! Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 3. Benjamin Sesko - RB Leipzig - shot with right foot from the centre of the box to the right corner. Assist - Benjamin Henrichs with a through ball following a fast break.
90+5'	Second Half ended - Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 3.
	Thats all. Game finished - Young Boys 1, RB Leipzig 3.
	First Half starts.
1'	Hand ball by Kieran Trippier - Newcastle United
1'	Fouled by Sandro Tonali - Newcastle United
1'	Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
3'	Offside - Newcastle United. Nick Pope with a pass, however Alexander Isak is in offside.
4'	New attacking attempt. Rafael Leão - AC Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Théo Hernández.
4'	Anthony Gordon - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
4'	Fouled by Davide Calabria - AC Milan
7'	Fouled by Sean Longstaff - Newcastle United
7'	Rafael Leão - AC Milan - won a free kick on the left wing.
9'	Offside - AC Milan. Ruben Loftus-Cheek with a pass, however Samuel Chukwueze is in offside.
11'	Fouled by Sean Longstaff - Newcastle United
11'	Théo Hernández - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
12'	Fouled by Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan
12'	Jacob Murphy - Newcastle United - won a free kick on the right wing.
13'	New attacking attempt. Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved in the left corner. Assist - Rade Krunic.
13'	New attacking attempt. Samuel Chukwueze - AC Milan - shot with the head from a diffucult position on the right is saved in the right corner. Assist - Rafael Leão with a cross.
14'	New attacking attempt. Olivier Giroud - AC Milan - shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner.
14'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Nick Pope.
14'	Missed chance. Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Rade Krunic with a cross after corner.
17'	Alexander Isak - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
17'	Fouled by Malick Thiaw - AC Milan
18'	New attacking attempt. Rade Krunic - AC Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
18'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Nick Pope.
19'	New attacking attempt. Théo Hernández - AC Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Rade Krunic with a cross.
19'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Nick Pope.
20'	Missed chance. Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Rade Krunic with a cross after corner.
20'	Missed chance. Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Théo Hernández.
22'	Offside - Newcastle United. Kieran Trippier with a pass, however Jacob Murphy is in offside.
24'	Fouled by Sandro Tonali - Newcastle United
24'	Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
28'	Fouled by Olivier Giroud - AC Milan
28'	Kieran Trippier - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
29'	Anthony Gordon - Newcastle United - won a free kick on the left wing.
29'	Fouled by Davide Calabria - AC Milan
32'	Missed chance. Olivier Giroud - AC Milan - shot with left foot inside of six yard box - left side is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Théo Hernández with a cross.
33'	Bruno Guimarães - Newcastle United - won a free kick in attack.
33'	Fouled by Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan
34'	Shot blocked. Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Samuel Chukwueze.
34'	Shot blocked. Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
34'	Shot blocked. Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
34'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Dan Burn.
34'	Missed chance. Malick Thiaw - AC Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box missed to the left. Assist - Rade Krunic with a cross after corner.
35'	Offside - AC Milan. Mike Maignan with a pass, however Olivier Giroud is in offside.
37'	Bruno Guimarães - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
37'	Fouled by Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan
37'	Missed chance. Samuel Chukwueze - AC Milan - shot with the head from the right side of the six yard box goes high. Assist - Rafael Leão with a head.
38'	Shot blocked. Anthony Gordon - Newcastle United - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assist - Sean Longstaff.
39'	Bruno Guimarães - Newcastle United - won a free kick in attack.
39'	Fouled by Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan
40'	Davide Calabria - AC Milan - receive yellow card.
41'	Missed chance. Jacob Murphy - Newcastle United - shot with left foot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assist - Alexander Isak.
42'	Alexander Isak - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
42'	Fouled by Malick Thiaw - AC Milan
43'	Offside - AC Milan. Malick Thiaw with a pass, however Rafael Leão is in offside.
44'	Fouled by Dan Burn - Newcastle United
44'	Samuel Chukwueze - AC Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
45+1'	First Half ended - AC Milan 0, Newcastle United 0.
45'	Second Half starts AC Milan 0, Newcastle United 0.
45'	Substitution - AC Milan. Alessandro Florenzi for Davide Calabria.
46'	Offside - AC Milan. Olivier Giroud with a pass, however Samuel Chukwueze is in offside.
47'	Alexander Isak - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
47'	Fouled by Samuel Chukwueze - AC Milan
47'	Shot blocked. Sandro Tonali - Newcastle United - shot with right foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist - Anthony Gordon.
49'	Fouled by Fabian Schär - Newcastle United
49'	Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
49'	Fabian Schär - Newcastle United - receive yellow card for a foul.
50'	Fouled by Tommaso Pobega - AC Milan
50'	Sean Longstaff - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
51'	Missed chance. Jacob Murphy - Newcastle United - shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist - Anthony Gordon.
52'	Fouled by Dan Burn - Newcastle United
52'	Olivier Giroud - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
52'	Missed chance. Alessandro Florenzi - AC Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is close, but missed. Assist - Rade Krunic.
55'	Fouled by Sandro Tonali - Newcastle United
55'	Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
56'	Fouled by Sandro Tonali - Newcastle United
56'	Samuel Chukwueze - AC Milan - won a free kick on the right wing.
57'	Fouled by Bruno Guimarães - Newcastle United
57'	Théo Hernández - AC Milan - won a free kick on the left wing.
58'	Fouled by Fikayo Tomori - AC Milan
58'	Jacob Murphy - Newcastle United - won a free kick in attack.
60'	Fouled by Anthony Gordon - Newcastle United
60'	Rade Krunic - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
61'	Offside - Newcastle United. Bruno Guimarães with a pass, however Sandro Tonali is in offside.
61'	Substitution - AC Milan. Christian Pulisic for Samuel Chukwueze.
61'	Substitution - AC Milan. Tijjani Reijnders for Tommaso Pobega.
63'	Substitution - Newcastle United. Callum Wilson for Jacob Murphy.
63'	Substitution - Newcastle United. Miguel Almirón for Anthony Gordon.
64'	New attacking attempt. Tijjani Reijnders - AC Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the right corner. Assist - Rade Krunic.
69'	Alexander Isak - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
69'	Fouled by Christian Pulisic - AC Milan
70'	Shot blocked. Théo Hernández - AC Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
71'	Delay in match - injury Ruben Loftus-Cheek - AC Milan
72'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
72'	Substitution - AC Milan. Yunus Musah for Ruben Loftus-Cheek - injury.
72'	Substitution - Newcastle United. Elliot Anderson for Sandro Tonali - injury.
74'	Missed chance. Rafael Leão - AC Milan - shot with the head from the centre of the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Alessandro Florenzi with a cross.
75'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Miguel Almirón.
76'	Shot blocked. Christian Pulisic - AC Milan - shot with right foot from the centre of the box is blocked.
76'	Shot blocked. Théo Hernández - AC Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked.
78'	Missed chance. Théo Hernández - AC Milan - shot with left foot from a diffucult position on the left goes high. Assist - Alessandro Florenzi with a cross.
79'	Delay in match - injury Mike Maignan - AC Milan
81'	Substitution - AC Milan. Marco Sportiello for Mike Maignan - injury.
81'	Delay over. They are ready to continue.
82'	Bruno Guimarães - Newcastle United - won a free kick in attack.
82'	Fouled by Yunus Musah - AC Milan
82'	Yunus Musah - AC Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
82'	Missed chance. Dan Burn - Newcastle United - shot with the head from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist - Kieran Trippier .
83'	Fouled by Olivier Giroud - AC Milan
83'	Sean Longstaff - Newcastle United - won a free kick in defence.
83'	Olivier Giroud - AC Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
87'	Shot blocked. Christian Pulisic - AC Milan - shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked.
88'	New attacking attempt. Olivier Giroud - AC Milan - shot with left foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist - Théo Hernández.
89'	Rade Krunic - AC Milan - receive yellow card for a foul.
89'	Fouled by Elliot Anderson - Newcastle United
89'	Rade Krunic - AC Milan - won a free kick in defence.
90+1'	Substitution - Newcastle United. Harvey Barnes for Alexander Isak.
90+1'	Corner - AC Milan. Conceded by Fabian Schär.
90+2'	Missed chance. Tijjani Reijnders - AC Milan - shot with right foot from outside the box is very close to the goal. Assist - Fikayo Tomori.
90+2'	Elliot Anderson - Newcastle United - won a free kick in attack.
90+2'	Fouled by Rade Krunic - AC Milan
90+5'	New attacking attempt. Sean Longstaff - Newcastle United - shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assist - Elliot Anderson.
90+5'	Corner - Newcastle United. Conceded by Marco Sportiello.
90+6'	Corner - Newcastle United. Conceded by Marco Sportiello.
90+6'	Second Half ended - AC Milan 0, Newcastle United 0.
	Thats all. Game finished - AC Milan 0, Newcastle United 0.
